<h1>The Wind of<br />Madness</h1>
<p><em>In this chapter Sita Ram describes his experiences during the Mutiny of the Bengal Native Army which first broke
    out at Berhampore in Bengal in March 1857, and continued until Oudh was finally cleared of the rebels two years
    later. Sita Ram gives us an excellent example of the conflict of loyalties that result from an uprising of this kind
    and, although he chose to remain loyal to the Government he had served so long, he is honest in admitting that he
    feared he might well be serving a losing cause. His account of his doubts and fears reminds me of a similar
    situation some years ago when an Arab officer of the South Arabian Army took me into his confidence and told me of
    his dilemma at the time when nationalism was gathering force in Aden. He too chose to remain loyal to his salt and
    was, like Sita Ram, called a traitor by his compatriots.</em></p>

<p><em>The Indian Mutiny was basically a revolt by a conservative and traditionalist society against what seemed to be a
  threat to their religion and ancient customs. There were many causes for the Mutiny, but au fond it was the imagined
  threat to their religion that caused so many Hindu and Mahommedan sepoys to break out into revolt. However, all this
  did not happen in a night, as we are sometimes led to believe in novels of the Mutiny, but was a slow simmering over
  many years that only came to the boil in the spring of 1857. And even then many of the mutineers hurried home from
  their garrisons and took no further part in the proceedings, leaving it to their more politically-motivated or
  fanatical comrades to pursue the rebellion against the British. It is this which makes the Mutiny less a nationalist
  uprising than a military rebellion pure and simple but it is of course true that there were many in India, or at least
  in Hindustan, who sought to utilize the soldiers' mutiny to drive the British back into the sea whence they had come.
</em></p>

<p><em>Field-Marshal Lord Roberts, one of the Indian Army's best-loved Commanders-in-Chief, fought throughout the Mutiny as
  an officer in the Bengal Horse Artillery. In his view the causes of the Mutiny were as follows. First, the fears of
  the high-caste Hindu soldiers that their religion was in danger, and this fear was in turn communicated to their
  Mahommedan comrades. Second, the annexation of Oudh by Lord Dalhousie, which offended local sentiment, and resulted in
  the loss by the sepoys of their former privileged standing in the courts: they could scarcely claim special privileges
  in what was now British territory. Third, the affair of the cartridges which were supposed to be smeared with a
  mixture of cow's fat and lard for preservative purposes, and which the sepoy had to bite before loading his weapon.
  Fourth, pampering of the sepoy in the Bengal Army, which gave him an undue sense of his own importance. Fifth, the
  dangerous disproportion in numbers between the European and Indian troops. It is astonishing to learn that in 1857,
  when the Mutiny broke out, there were only 21,197 British troops in India, whereas the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay
  Native Armies totalled 277,000 men; and this
  figure does not include the para-military forces such as the armed police.
  Sixth, dissatisfaction among the sepoys over various administrative measures, such as the withdrawal of field
  allowance for troops serving in the Punjab and Sind, and the insistence, after November 1856, that sepoys must
  undertake on enlistment to serve beyond the sea. Most high-caste Hindus believed that service beyond the Kala Pani, or
  Black Water, would inevitably destroy their caste and the new regulation was regarded as yet another nail in the
  coffin of their religion.
  </em></p>

<p><em>Finally, and possibly most importantly, Lord Roberts places much of the blame for the Mutiny on the shoulders of the
  British officers of the Bengal Native Army who were too complacent, too old, and too susceptible to the prejudices of
  their men to take a firm line with them. Although the Bombay Army recruited high caste sepoys from the same areas as
  the Bengal Army, these men were allowed no special privileges vis à vis the low caste and outcaste races who supplied
  a most trustworthy ingredient to the Bombay Army. At the siege of Multan the Bengal sepoys refused to dig in the
  earthworks because of their caste but their co-religionists in the Bombay Army worked without demur. In the Bombay
  Army promotion was by selection, whereas in Bengal it was by seniority, which accounts for Sita Ram having to wait
  until he was nearly sixty before becoming a jemadar. But the most damning indictment of the Bengal Army is contained
  in a footnote in Lord Robert's Forty-One Years in India, in which he wrote:</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>'It is curious to note how nearly every military officer who held a command or a high position on the staff in
    Bengal when the Mutiny broke out, disappeared from the scene within the first few weeks, and was never heard of
    officially again. . . . Two Generals of divisions were removed from their commands, seven Brigadiers were found
    wanting in the hour of need, and out of the seventy-three regiments of Regular Cavalry and Infantry which mutinied,
    only four Commanding Officers were given other commands, younger officers being selected to raise and command the
    new regiments.'</p>
</blockquote>

<p><em>Despite the strains to which he was subjected, Sita Ram remained loyal, and so no doubt did many others of his kind
  about whom we are never told. The mutineers considered him to be a traitor and carried him off to Lucknow to be put to
  death by torture but he was rescued by a roving party of European Moss-Troopers and eventually joined one of the new
  regiments raised in the Punjab to replace the Bengal regiments. This must have been the time he met his future
  Commanding Officer, Norgate, who was serving in the 12th Punjab Infantry, and who may have been the officer who
  relieved him of the responsibility of commanding the firing party that executed his son as a rebel.</em></p>

<p>After the fall of Multan and the total defeat of the Sikhs at Gujerat, the English took possession of all the land of
  the Punjab, or Five Rivers. The mighty power of the Sikh nation became as dust and the mantle of rule descended upon
  the <em>Sirkar</em>, the great Company <em>Bahadur</em>. The <em>sirdars</em> were all taken prisoner and their
  troops, deprived of their weapons, were disbanded and sent to their homes. English regiments were stationed all over
  the Punjab—at Lahore, Wazirabad, Jhelum, Rawal Pindi, Attock, Peshawar, and many other places—without any further
  opposition. Truly, the English are a remarkable people; within six months barracks rose out of the ground as if by
  magic. The <em>sahibs</em> built houses, police were organized, and the country appeared as if it had belonged to the
  <em>Sirkar</em> for many years.</p>

<p>My regiment was now sent to Jullundur. Two regiments of old Sikh soldiers were enlisted for the <em>Sirkar</em><a
    href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> and young Sikhs were taken into the native regiments. This
  annoyed the <em>sepoys</em> exceedingly, for the Sikhs were disliked by the Hindustanis who considered them to be
  unclean and were not permitted to associate with them. Their position was very uncomfortable for a long time but after
  a while this dislike to some extent disappeared. However, these men always kept to themselves and were regarded as
  interlopers by the older <em>sepoys</em>. They were never as smart as we were on parade and their practice of using
  curds to clean their long hair gave them an extremely disagreeable odour, but many of them became like Hindus after
  they had been away from their own country for a long time.</p>

<p>No wars took place for several years in Hindustan and nothing particular occurred apart from several innovations
  which were introduced into the Army, and into the Civil Courts, which caused great offence among the people.<a
    href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> In 1855 a small war broke out in Bengal
  with some jungle people called Santhals,<a href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> and my regiment formed part
of the force and was stationed near Raniganj, not far from Calcutta. It was there that I first saw the iron road and the
steam monster and this was more wonderful than anything I had ever seen before. When I asked the people about it they
said they believed that the English put some powerful demon into each iron box, and it was his efforts to escape which
made the wheels turn round. However I saw the water put in, and the coals lighted under it, but I am so ignorant of how
it works that if an officer had not told me that it was all the force of steam, I might easily have believed that this
demon fed on wood, coal, or stones, and drank gallons of water.</p>

<p>I went down to Calcutta in the train but it went so fast that it nearly took away my senses. As it neared Calcutta
  all kinds of low caste people entered the train and behaved as if they were equal to everyone. This is not good and
  caused great annoyance to many. I was amazed by what I saw in Calcutta but what is the use of describing it to you, my
  Lord, who know it so well? The ships—what can I possibly say? They were a hundred times larger than I had expected. No
  wonder the sahibs can travel all over the world. Each ship could carry a regiment. The Lord <em>sahib's</em> house<a
    href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> was very big, and if every nobleman in England lives in a
  house as big as that, what a wonderful country England must be! I noticed in this magnificent city that the sahibs
  seldom spoke to each other and I was told they did not know one another. But can this be possible if they all come
  from such a small island?</p>

<p>The Santhals used bows, arrows, and large sharp axes, but they always dispersed when we fired on them. At first it
  was reported that they used poisoned arrows, and for this reason they were much feared, but we soon discovered that
  this was not the case. After a good deal of marching through thick jungle, and after guarding the main road by the
  Sone river throughout one hot weather, the rebellion was put down and my regiment was sent to ————. I was told by some
  of the Santhals that they rebelled because they could obtain no justice from the Civil Courts. They had no money with
  which to bribe the native officials and their complaints were all against the rich landlords and moneylenders, who had
  managed to get these simple folk into their clutches. I cannot vouch for the truth of this but it was certainly a
  curious war. In one part of the jungle we were firing at them, while in another the <em>Sirkar</em> was providing them
  with cart-loads of rice.</p>

<p>There was now a rumour that the <em>Sirkar</em> was going to take Oudh from the Nawab. This led to great excitement within the army, which was largely composed of men from Oudh.
  Many of them did not much care whether the <em>Sirkar</em> took Oudh or not but these were men who owned no property
  there. Nevertheless an undefined dislike and disquiet took possession of all of us. During the year [1856] the
  <em>Sirkar</em> removed the Nawab to Calcutta and took over the government of the Kingdom of Oudh. Regiments of local
  infantry and cavalry were formed, officered by English officers, and a number of Assistant Commissioner
  <em>sahibs</em> were brought in. Many of these officers came from the Bombay and Madras Armies and were totally
  ignorant of the language, manners, and customs of the people, and the same was true of all the <em>sahibs</em> who
  came from Bengal from the college.<a href="#footnote5" epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> The occupation of the
  country was effected without any open resistance at the time. It took place so quickly that the people did not have
  time to combine against it but the minds of all the <em>Taluqdars</em><a href="#footnote6"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> and headmen were excited against the <em>Sirkar</em>, which in their view had
  acted dishonourably, and had been unfair to the Nawab.<a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> There
  were plenty of interested people to keep this feeling alive. They assured everyone that the estates of the rich would
  soon be confiscated by the <em>Sirkar</em>, which could easily manipulate the law courts to show that the present
  owners had no right to these estates. The truth was that so many people in Oudh had acquired property by methods which
  the Government would never recognize that they began to fear an inquiry. Since all these people had large numbers of
  relations, retainers, and servants living with them, who were all interested parties, it explains the great excitement
  prevailing in Oudh at the time, and consequently throughout the <em>Sirkar</em>'s army.</p>

<p>It is my humble opinion that this seizing of Oudh filled the minds of the <em>sepoys</em> with distrust and led them
  to plot against the Government. Agents of the Nawab of Oudh and also of the King of Delhi were sent all over India to
  discover the temper of the army. They worked upon the feelings of the <em>sepoys</em>, telling them how treacherously
  the foreigners had behaved towards their king. They invented ten thousand lies and promises to persuade the soldiers
  to mutiny and turn against their masters, the English, with the object of restoring the Emperor of Delhi to the
  throne.</p>

<p>They maintained that this was wholly within the army's powers if the soldiers would only act together and do as they
  were advised.</p>

<p>It chanced that about this time the <em>Sirkar</em> sent parties of men from each regiment to different garrisons for
  instruction in the use of the new rifle.<a href="#footnote8" epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> These men performed
  the new drill for some time until a report got about, by some means or other, that the cartridges used for these new
  rifles were greased with the fat of cows and pigs. The men from our regiment wrote to others in the regiment telling
  them of this, and there was soon excitement in every regiment. Some men pointed out that in forty years' service
  nothing had ever been done by the <em>Sirkar</em> to insult their religion, but as I have already mentioned the
  <em>sepoys'</em> minds had been inflamed by the seizure of Oudh. Interested parties were quick to point out that the
  great aim of the English was to turn us all into Christians, and they had therefore introduced the cartridge in order
  to bring this about, since both Mahommedans and Hindus would be defiled by using it.<a href="#footnote9"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a></p>

<p>I reported this curious story to my officer but no notice was taken. He only told me not to talk about it. Some time
  later an order was read out to the regiment from the Commander-in-Chief, or Governor-General <em>sahib</em>, saying
  that the <em>Sirkar</em> had not used any objectionable fat but that in future the men could make up their own
  cartridges and use their own grease. They could then be satisfied that the <em>Sirkar</em> had no intention whatsoever
  of hurting their feelings or breaking their caste. However the very reading out of this order was seized upon by many
  as proof that the <em>Sirkar</em> had broken our caste, since otherwise the order would never have been issued. What
  was the use of a denial if it had not been the Government's intention originally to break our caste?</p>

<p>It was the time of year for furlough<a href="#footnote10" epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a>—that is the month of
  April—and it was my turn to go on leave. Before I went I told my Commanding Officer what I had heard, and I warned him
  that great madness had possessed the minds of all men. I could not say what shape the discontent would take, but I
  never thought the entire army would mutiny—only those men who might have suffered as a result of annexation of
  Oudh—and at present only a few of the really bad characters were disaffected. The Colonel <em>sahib</em> was of the
  opinion that the excitement, which even he</p>

could not fail to see,<a href="#footnote11" epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> would pass off, as it had often done
before, and he recommended me to go to my home.

<p>I arrived at my own village without hearing anything out of the ordinary on the road, but shortly afterwards we heard
  that the troops of Meerut and Delhi had risen and killed their officers, and had proclaimed the King of Delhi as
  Emperor. They were excited to revolt because a complete regiment<a href="#footnote12"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> had been cast into jail, having been loaded with irons which destroyed their
  honour. This was such an extraordinary story that I refused to believe it, considering it a story invented to inflame
  the minds of the populace, but the rumour gathered strength daily, so I went to the Deputy Commissioner to enquire
  whether it was true. I could not do this openly without arousing suspicion, for at this time all the office staff were
  on the watch for all who came to the office. I went to the Deputy Commissioner's house with a petition, but the
  chaprassi<a href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a> refused to take it in to the sahib, saying the
  orders stated that no-one would be received except during office hours. However I managed to see the sahib, and I told
  him the tale I had heard and asked if there was any truth in it. The sahib said neither one thing nor the other but
  asked me a number of questions to discover how much I knew and what effect it was having on the minds of the people in
  my district. Finally the sahib admitted that he had heard the rumour—as I had known from the beginning by the
  questions he asked me—but said that the reports were very vague.</p>

<p>Had I asked some important Indian official, he would probably have denied any knowledge of the facts, and the more
  vehemently he denied any knowledge, the more I would have been certain that he knew all about it. Had I persisted, he
  would have attempted to discover my own feelings on the subject, and then, if I had committed myself by wishing the
  mutineers well, he would have informed against me, even though he himself might have been heart and soul in their
  favour.</p>

<p>By the time I returned to my village the whole place was talking about the news. In a short time the entire country was in a ferment<a href="#footnote14"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> and every regiment was reported to be ripe for mutiny. Reports came in every
  day that the regiments at the different stations had risen and killed their officers. I went again to see the Deputy
  Commissioner and offered to collect the furlough men of my own regiment, as well as any pensioners who could use arms.
  He thanked me and promised to let me know if I would be required to do this. Shortly afterwards the regiments at
  Lucknow, Sitapore, and other stations in Oudh broke out into open mutiny, and the country was overrun with
  <em>sepoys</em> from these regiments. Many of these men returned to their homes and had nothing further to do with the
  mutiny, other than having been in a regiment which had mutinied.</p>`

<p>I now discovered that I was being watched. I was suspected of giving information to the civilian officials. One day a
  large party of <em>sepoys</em> from one of the mutinied regiments came through my village, and I tried to persuade
  them to go quietly to their houses. I explained to them the folly of going against the English Government, but these
  men were so intoxicated with the plunder they had taken, and by their hope of reward from the Emperor of Delhi, that
  they turned on me and were about to shoot me on the spot for having dared to speak out in favour of the English
  Government. They called me a traitor, and ended by taking me prisoner. They put heavy irons on me and a chain round my
  neck, declaring they would take me to Lucknow where they would receive a large reward for having captured me, and
  where my punishment would be to have molten lead poured down my throat for having dared uphold the English rule under
  which I had served and eaten salt for so many years. I was treated with every possible indignity. My captors boasted
  of the deeds they had done—how the <em>sahibs</em> had been so easily killed, or terrified into running away into the
  jungles like hares—and they were convinced that the English rule had ended throughout India. I never saw men behave in
  such a shameless fashion—not even during <em>Holi</em>.<a href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a>
  They all believed they would be made princes for what they had done, and debated among themselves about the offices
  they would be given by the King of Delhi. I could not discover what they had done, other than that they had shot down
  their officers on the parade ground, looted the station without any resistance, and set it on fire. While we were on the
  march some people informed them that there was a European regiment not far behind, and their boasting was redoubled.
  They would immediately annihilate it! This was what they said in public but inwardly they were terrified of coming up
  against the English. The European regiment never materialized, nor indeed was there the slightest truth in the report.
  I was relieved to hear this since they had told me that I should be shot at once if any Europeans appeared on the
  scene.</p>

<p>The leader of this party was a <em>sepoy</em>, although there were two <em>subedars</em> with it. He came one day and
  showed me a proclamation from the King of Delhi. It called upon all the <em>sepoys</em> to rise and destroy the
  English, promising great rewards and promotion if the men of any regiment would mutiny and kill their officers. It
  stated that the English <em>Sirkar</em> intended to make all Brahmins into Christians, which had in fact been proved
  correct, and in proof of it one hundred Padres were about to be stationed in Oudh.<a href="#footnote16"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> Caste was going to be broken by forcing everyone to eat beef and pork. The
  <em>sepoys</em> were exhorted not to allow this to happen, but to fight for their religion and drive the detested
  foreigners out of the country. It also stated that the king had received information from the Sultan of Turkey that
  all the English soldiers had been destroyed by the Russians;<a href="#footnote17"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> there were only left the few regiments remaining in India; and these were all
  separated by great distances and could easily be surrounded and destroyed. This proclamation was printed on yellow
  paper and was said to have been issued by order of the king. Every man who heard it believed every word of it. Even I
  was impressed by it. I had never known the <em>Sirkar</em> to interfere with our religion or our caste in all the
  years since I had been a soldier, but I was nevertheless filled with doubt. I remembered the treatment of many
  regiments with regard to field allowance—how it had first been promised and then withheld. I could not forget that the
  <em>Sirkar</em> had seized Oudh without due cause.</p>

<p>I had also remarked the increase of Padre sahibs during recent years, who stood up in the streets of our cities and
  told the people that their cherished religion was all false, and who exhorted them to become Christians. They always
  maintained that they were not employed by the <em>Sirkar</em>, but how could they have acted like this without the
  Government's sanction? Everyone believed that they were secretly employed by
  the Government; why else should they take such trouble? Then I remembered how the Sirkar had been my protector, and
  that I had eaten its salt for over forty years, and I was determined never to betray it so long as it continued to
  rule but to do all that I could to support it. But, my Lord, you must not forget that I was bound with chains at this
  time, and to all appearance being taken to a terrible death. As each day passed and I heard that city after city,
  garrison after garrison, had fallen into the hands of the local population, I must confess that the thought passed
  through my mind that the mighty Company's rule was passing away. All its guns had been captured, and also all its
  arsenals—how could I help thinking otherwise? However I still had faith in the incredible good fortune of the Sirkar,
  which had always been so wonderful and marvellous. I also believe that those who had broken their word and committed
  such crimes could not expect to have good fortune for long.</p>

<p>When the party of <em>sepoys</em> with whom I was drew near to Lucknow, from some orders they pretended to have
  received direct from the Nana of Bithur<a href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> the route was
  changed and they marched towards Cawnpore and crossed over the river. While on the march, however, our party was
  surprised by a troop of mounted <em>sahibs</em><a href="#footnote19" epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> It was
  early morning, just before the dawn, and we were attacked so suddenly that these brave warriors, so far from
  attempting to fight and annihilate the Europeans, fled into the jungle. Luckily for me, they forgot to carry out their
  threat to shoot me. I was pulled out of the pony trap in which I was travelling and narrowly escaped being shot by one
  of these trooper <em>sahibs</em> who thought I was a wounded or sick <em>sepoy</em>. He had not noticed my chains and
  could not understand Hindustani. Luckily there was an officer nearby who came up, heard my story, and saw my chains,
  which were very convincing proof of my story. He gave orders for my chains to be knocked off and took me to the
  officer commanding who wrote down my statement, my name, and my regiment. He was also very anxious to learn of the
  conditions in Oudh, and whether I had seen or heard of any sahibs or ladies in the jungles. The last English officer I had seen was the
Deputy Commissioner of -------, who was, when I left, carrying on his work as usual but this was a month ago.</p>

<p>As I was not a very good horseman, the Captain sahib could not turn me into a trooper but when he found out that I
  could read and write Persian, he made me interpreter for the Troop. He also gave me a certificate of the account of my
  recapture etc. I went about with this rissalah<a href="#footnote20" epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a> for about
  six weeks, during which time it destroyed several bands of mutineers and one day had a hand-to-hand fight with a party
  of regular cavalry. They fired off their pistols and made off as hard as they could although they were three times the
  size of our party. Nineteen sowars<a href="#footnote21" epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> were killed and
  twenty-one of the best of the Government's horses were taken. We lost five men killed and seven wounded. After this
  our Troop returned to Cawnpore, which had been re-taken twice by the English. Through the kindness of my Captain—may
  the shadow of greatness always surround him—he took me to the officer commanding a Punjab regiment,<a
    href="#footnote22" epub:type="noteref"><sup>22</sup></a> and I was taken on the strength of this corps as a
  supernumerary Jemadar and attached to it. This regiment was engaged in several actions, and also before Lucknow. We
  pursued the mutineers right into Nepal and I passed the old place again where I had been so frightened by the
  elephants forty years previously. All this is so well known that I need not tell it again, but in no fight that I was
  in—and they were not a few—did I ever see the mutineers, be they Hindus or be they Mahommedans, ever make a good stand
  and fight. Usually they stood the first discharge and then took to flight—if they could not find shelter behind walls
  or trees. I am told it was tough work at Delhi. I was not there, but the sepoys could not have fought well to have
  allowed an English force of under 10,000 defeat 70,000, with the latter in possession of all the houses and
  fortifications.</p>

<p>One day, in one of the enclosed buildings near Lucknow, a great number of prisoners were taken. These were nearly all
  sepoys. They were all brought in after the fight to the officer commanding my regiment, and in the morning the order
  came that they were all to be shot. It happened that it was my turn to command the firing party. I asked the prisoners
  their names and their regiments. After hearing some five or six, one sepoy said he belonged to a certain regiment
  which was my son's. I naturally inquired whether he had known my son, Ananti Ram, of the Light Company. He answered that that was his own name. However this is a very common name, and because I had always
  imagined that my son must have died from the Sind fever, since I had never heard from him, it did not at first strike
  me. But when he told me that he came from Tilowee, my heart leapt in my mouth. Could he be my long lost son? There was
  no doubt about it, for he gave my name as his father, and fell down at my feet imploring my pardon. He had mutinied
  with the rest of his regiment and gone to Lucknow. Once the deed had been done, what else could he do? Where could he
  have gone, even if he had wanted to escape?</p>

<p>The prisoners were to be shot at four o'clock in the afternoon and I must be my son's executioner! Such is fate! I
  went to the Major <em>sahib</em> and requested that I might be relieved of this duty as a very great favour. He was
  very angry and said he would bring me before a court-martial for trying to shirk my duty. He would not believe I was a
  faithful servant of the English Government—he thought my real sympathies were with the mutineers—and he would not
  listen to me any further. At last my feelings as a father got the better of me and I burst into floods of tears. I
  told him that I would shoot every one of the prisoners with my own hands if he ordered me but I confessed that one of
  them was my own son. The Major declared that I was only making up an excuse to avoid having to shoot my own brethren
  but at last his heart seemed to be touched. He ordered my unfortunate son to be brought before him and questioned him
  very strictly.</p>

<p>I shall never forget this terrible scene. Not for one moment did I consider requesting that his life should be
  spared—that he did not deserve. Eventually the Major came to believe in the truth of my statement and ordered me to be
  relieved from this duty. I went to my tent bowed down with grief which was made worse by the gibes and taunts of the
  Sikhs<a href="#footnote23" epub:type="noteref"><sup>23</sup></a> who declared I was a renegade. In a short time I
  heard a volley. My son had received the reward for mutiny! He showed no fear but I would much rather that he had been
  killed in battle. Through the kindness of the Major I was allowed to perform the funeral rites over my misguided son.
  He was the only one of the prisoners over whom it was performed, for the remainder were all thrown to the jackals and
  the vultures.<a href="#footnote24" epub:type="noteref"><sup>24</sup></a></p>

<p>I had not heard from my son since just after my return</p>
from slavery. I had not seen him since I went to Kabul, and thus I met him again, untrue to his salt, and in open
rebellion against the master who had fed his father and himself. But I have said enough—more is unnecessary. He was not
the only soldier who mutinied. The Major told me later that he was much blamed by the other officers for allowing the
funeral rites to be performed on a rebel but if good deeds wipe away sins, and I believe some sahibs believe this as we
do, then his sins will be very white. Bad luck never waits upon the merciful! May my Major<a href="#footnote25"
  epub:type="noteref"><sup>25</sup></a> soon become a General.</p>



<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">
  1. Sita Ram is incorrect. Two battalions of Sikhs were raised in 1846 from those Sikhs living to the east of the
  Sutlej in British-controlled territory. The 14th Sikhs (Regiment of Ferozepore) subsequently became the 1st (King
  George V's) Battalion, 11th Sikh Regiment. The 15th Sikhs (Regiment of Ludhiana) became the 2nd (Royal) Battalion,
  11th Sikh Regiment. They are today the 1st and 2nd battalions of the Sikh Regiment, Indian Army.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
  2. Sita Ram refers here to two events which caused great dissatisfaction in the army. The first was the withdrawal of
  field, or foreign service, allowance for all troops stationed in the Punjab after its annexation in 1849. Mutiny
  occurred in several regiments, and particularly in the 66th BNI stationed in Amritsar. This regiment was disbanded
  forthwith by the Commander-in-Chief, Sir Charles Napier, without waiting for the Government's sanction, and its place
  in the Bengal Native Army was taken by the Nasseri Gurkha battalion, which later became the senior Gurkha regiment in
  the Indian Army. The other event to which Sita Ram refers is probably the annexation of Oudh by Lord Dalhousie in
  1856, as a result of the misgovernment of the King, or Nawab, of Oudh. This led to the <em>sepoys</em> losing their
  privileged position as soldiers of the Company in the Civil Courts, and was most unpopular. Moreover the disappearance
  of one of the last independent dynasties of India undoubtedly offended Indian sentiment.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
  3. The Santhals were aboriginal tribesmen. They lived in the jungle-covered hills of the Santhal Parganas in Bengal
  and rose in revolt in 1855.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
  4. Government House, Calcutta.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
  5. Sita Ram is presumably referring to the junior officials of the Company's Civil Service who were sent to Oudh
  straight from their training in Calcutta.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
  6. The hereditary land revenue receivers of Oudh who had become the landed gentry.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
  7. Misgovernment in Oudh had been notorious for more than fifty years, but each Governor-General in succession had
  been chary of annexing Oudh. Even Dalhousie had advised that the best solution would be to leave the Nawab as titular
  ruler, and for the Company to administer Oudh in his name, but the India Board in London chose his alternative
  solution, which was outright annexation.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">8. The Brown Bess had been superseded by the Enfield rifle in 1856. Prior to
  loading the new rifle it was necessary to bite off the end of the cartridge.</aside>
<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">9. The cow is of course sacred to the Hindu, while the pig is unclean to the
  Mahommedan. The authorities could hardly have chosen a worse preservative for their cartridges than a mixture of cow's
  fat and lard, which, according to Field-Marshal Lord Roberts, were the ingredients used.</aside>
<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">10. Furlough, or long leave, was taken to coincide whenever possible with
  the harvest.</aside>

<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
  11. Dissatisfaction among the sepoys of the Bengal Native Army was not new; indeed, it had been gathering strength
  over a period of thirty years. The surprising thing is that so many British officers seem to have been blind to the
  discontent.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
  12. Eighty-five men of the 3rd Bengal Light Cavalry, stationed at Meerut, had refused to receive the offending
  cartridges. They were tried by court martial on 8 May 1857, publicly degraded by being stripped of their uniform and
  fettered in front of the entire garrison, and handed over to the civil authorities in the local jail. Two days later,
  on 10 May, the 3rd Cavalry broke into open mutiny, and were joined by the two Native infantry regiments in the
  garrison. They released the prisoners and set off for Delhi where they proclaimed Bahadur Shah Emperor of Hindustan,
  and where they were joined in mutiny by the Delhi garrison. The British regiments stationed at Meerut failed to
  prevent the mutiny, and the local commanders were woefully dilatory in following up the mutineers on the way to Delhi.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
  13. Chaprassi: office messenger who waits on the verandah of his master.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
  14. Sita Ram is of course referring to his own country, Oudh, or what is now the UP. The mutiny was almost entirely
  confined to the Bengal Native Army. The Madras Army was unaffected, and there was little disaffection in the Bombay
  Army, despite the fact that many of its <em>sepoys</em> were recruited from Oudh.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
  15. <em>Holi</em> is one of the principal Hindu festivals and takes place in the spring. It is a kind of Hindu
  saturnalia, connected with the god Krishna, but must originally have been a fertility ceremony. Few things are barred
  during Holi and most sober-minded citizens remain indoors; those who venture out must bear their indignities with
  composure, if not with a smile.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
  16. There was an almost obsessive belief that the British intended to convert the population to Christianity, and the
  activities of missionaries in India added fuel to the flames. Moreover this was the period of the evangelical revival
  in Britain, and men like Havelock and Nicholson, whose religion was a burning faith, merely added to the confusion in
  the minds of the sepoys.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">
  17. In the Crimean War
</aside>
<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
  18. Dandu Pant, or the Nana Sahib, was the adopted son of the last Peshwa of Poona, head of the Mahratta confederacy.
  He inherited a vast fortune in 1851, but the pension paid by the Company lapsed on the Peshwa's death. This rankled
  with the Nana Sahib, and although outwardly friendly to the English, he was in fact thoroughly disgruntled and
  disloyal. He played a leading part in the Massacre at Cawnpore, his estates being in the vicinity, and became one of
  the principal villains of the piece so far as the British were concerned. He was never captured and his exact end
  remains one of the mysteries of the Mutiny.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
  19. In the confusion following the outbreak of the Mutiny, individual Europeans banded themselves together as
  Moss-Troopers, such as Vincent Eyre's troop of twelve hog-spears. Indigo planters without plantations, Judges without
  courts, Officers without regiments, and District Commissioners without districts took to the sword and saddle. They
  did good work in restoring order in outlying districts but the justice they meted out was sometimes rough and ready.
  Sita Ram probably joined the Troop of Lousada Barrow of the Madras Cavalry.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
  20. Rissalah: a Troop of Horse, or Cavalry.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
  21. Sowar: a horseman, or cavalry trooper.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote22" epub:type="footnote">
  22. This may have been the 12th Punjab Infantry, which was commanded by Major T. C. Blagrove. The second-in-command
  was Captain J. T. Norgate, who later commanded the regiment.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote23" epub:type="footnote">
  23. Sita Ram's antipathy for the Sikhs was shared by many of the old-style British officers. 'I recollect,' says Lord
  Roberts, 'the commanding officer of the 25th BNI, who had served all his life with clean-looking, closely-shaven
  Hindustanis, pointing with a look of contempt, not to say disgust, to some Sikhs, and expressing his regret that he
  could not get them to shave their beards and cut their hair. "They quite spoil the look of my regiment," he said.'
</aside>

<aside id="footnote24" epub:type="footnote">
  24. The correct performance of the funeral ceremonies is of immense importance for all Hindus, and particularly for
  Brahmins.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote25" epub:type="footnote">
  25. It is more than likely that this 'merciful Major' was Norgate, translator of Sita Ram's memoirs. It is known that
  Sita Ram served under him during the Mutiny, and an incident such as the one described would have formed a strong bond
  between the two men, and may have accounted for Norgate's success in persuading Sita Ram to part with his memoirs.
</aside>