<h1>Escape from Slavery</h1>
<p><em>In this chapter Sita Ram tells of his experiences while a slave in Afghanistan, and of his subsequent escape to
    India. He describes his reunion with his family and the troubles he suffered before he could regain his caste,
    defiled by the menial duties he had to perform in the household of a Mahommedan.</em></p>

<p><em>Lord Auckland, whose mistaken policies had led, directly or indirectly, to the disaster in Kabul early in 1842, laid
    down the Governorship in March of that year. One of his last acts was to concentrate a force at Peshawar under
    Major-General Pollock with the task of forcing the Khyber Pass and relieving Sale's brigade which was besieged in
    Jellalabad by Akbar Khan, Dost Mahommed's son. Lord Ellenborough, who succeeded Auckland as Governor-General,
    endorsed this policy, but was unwilling to commit himself any more deeply in Afghanistan.</em></p>

<p><em>However, there were at this time some eighty British who were prisoners of the Afghans. Lady Sale, who was one of
    them, recorded on 18 January: 'We number 9 ladies, 20 gentlemen, and 14 children. In the tykhana (cellar) are 17
    European soldiers, 2 European women, and 1 child.' There were a few others held prisoner elsewhere in Afghanistan.
    It was felt very strongly in the army that these prisoners should be freed and the Afghans punished for the massacre
    of the Kabul force, and although Ellenborough was against further involvement in Afghanistan, he yielded to the
    arguments of Pollock and others. Pollock, who was a cautious but able soldier, relieved Jellalabad without much
    difficulty, and then advanced to Kabul where he was to be joined by Major-General Nott with the garrison from
    Kandahar. The route taken to Kabul lay through the valleys where Elphinstone's force had been pitilessly butchered
    and the way was littered with skeletons. Pollock's force became an Army of Retribution, burning villages, destroying
    orchards, giving little or no quarter when opposed, and finally destroying the great covered bazaar in Kabul, which
    was the pride of its citizens.</em></p>

<p><em>Pollock arrived in Kabul on 16 September 1842. Nott marched in to join him two days later, furious that he had been
    beaten to the post. Shah Shujah had been assassinated, his son Fath Jung had abdicated, and it was not until Dost
    Mahommed returned from exile in Calcutta nine months later that some kind of order and tranquillity returned to
    Afghanistan. Pollock's first act on arriving in Kabul was to dispatch a force under his military secretary, Sir
    Richmond Shakespear, to rescue the prisoners who had been taken from Kabul to Bameean. Elphinstone had died the
    previous April, worn out by disease and remorse for what had occurred, and his body had been taken to Jellalabad
    with Akbar Khan's agreement, where it was interred with military honours. Brigadier Shelton was therefore the senior
    officer in the party when Shakespear arrived with the rescuing force, and he rebuked Shakespear for having kissed
    Lady Sale without first paying his respects to Shelton as his superior officer.</em></p>
<p><em>The combined forces of Pollock and Nott then marched back to India, leaving Prince Shapur, another of Shah
        Shujah's sons, to enjoy the doubtful privilege of ruling Afghanistan. He did not last long. The Army of
        Retribution crossed the Sutlej into British territory by a bridge of boats during the last fortnight in December
        1842, and was greeted by Ellenborough with as much pomp and circumstance as could be mustered. But not even
        Ellenborough's grandiloquence could conceal the fact that the British adventure in Afghanistan had been
        disastrous from start to finish.</em></p>

<p>Upon the news of the total destruction of the European armies (for it was reported that their forces had been
    destroyed at Ghazni and Kandahar as well as at Kabul) there were great rejoicings in the city. Although Shah Shujah
    had sided with the Amir when he saw the sudden change things had taken, he was regarded with suspicion. The people
    of the country hated him because he had brought ruin upon the land by persuading a foreign army to come and place
    him on the throne. He remained in the palace within the Bala Hissar and still seemed to be king. But his reign
    lasted only a short time. One day when he was going out of the palace to visit the camp of the <em>Sirdars</em>, he
    was fired upon by some <em>Barakzais</em> and killed on the spot. <em>Sirdar Fath Jung</em> seized the throne.<a
        href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> However Amir Akbar Khan hastened back to Kabul with a
    part of his force<a href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> and drove him from the city. It was said
    that he fled to the English army which was entering Afghanistan.</p>

<p>I made several attempts to contact some of the <em>sahibs</em> who were reported to be prisoners in Kabul, but on
    account of the guards round their places of confinement I only once succeeded in seeing five <em>sahibs</em> and
    three ladies who were kept in a small building in the city. I was unable to do them much good. I could only tell
    them that there was a general report of an English army having entered the country, and this seemed to give them
    some consolation. I promised to let them know when it approached. One officer told me they had been repeatedly
    threatened with being sent out of the country and sold as slaves, and he was very much afraid that this would be
    done before the army could reach Kabul. He complained that
    they were all much annoyed by the mob who often came and abused them. He also made searching enquiries about General
    Elphinstone <em>sahib</em> who was a prisoner, but this officer must have been kept outside the city since I could
    never discover where he was. This meeting took place late in the evening. I went pretending I had been sent by the
    Amir with some tobacco but I was subjected to such a severe scrutiny that I did not dare to go again. I was thankful
    to have escaped with my life.</p>

<p>The approach of the English army was now talked of daily. The reports said that the passes had been forced by the
    <em>Sirkar's</em> troops and that hundreds of thousands of troops were coming to take Afghani-stan.<a
        href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> Everyone now became afraid and repented of the massacre,
    laying the chief blame for it on the <em>Ghazis</em>. Numbers of the wealthier citizens now left the city. I tried
    one day to interest my master in the <em>sahibs</em> who were prisoners, telling him that he would be well rewarded
    if he helped them in any way, but this was only met by abuse and the former threat was repeated. Although I wore
    Afghan dress, my accent always gave me away, and I dare not go again to look after the English officers. Since I had
    no money, I could not bribe anyone, but I did try to win over a young boy who brought meat to my master's house. I
    had heard him once express a desire to visit Calcutta and see the wonders of the foreigners, and he said he would
    accompany a caravan to India when he was rich enough. I wrote a small note in the Hindi language in Persian
    characters and entrusted it to him to give to one of the <em>sahibs</em>, but as I never saw him again I do not know
    whether he ever delivered it, or if he did, whether its purport was understood. It was to say that the English army
    was reported to be within ten days' march of Kabul. As this army approached the fear became greater and my master
    decided to flee from the city. I vainly tried to explain that I knew the customs of the foreigners and that he would
    not be molested, since he had not taken any part against them. However, he would not believe me and for this reason
    he left the city.
</p>

<p>I was now watched so constantly that I had no chance to escape. My master and his family took the road for Istalif<a
        href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> and I abandoned

    any hope of regaining my freedom. Istalif was on the side of a hill, surrounded by precipices, and almost
    unapproachable. The people defended it with thick stone walls and small towers. The Afghans thought they could
    defend this place against the whole world, and it is very likely that they could have done against any but English
    soldiers. We heard after a while that Kabul had been taken and also Ghazni and Kandahar,<a href="#footnote5"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> so my master retired still farther over the mountains to Sherkudo. On the
    road to this place we heard that the English had driven the Afghans out of Istalif with great slaughter and had
    destroyed the town. I was very unhappy, not knowing which way to go if ever I did manage to escape from bondage. I
    had now learned to read and write Persian quite reasonably but I could never pass myself off as a native of the
    country because of the difference in pronunciation.</p>

<p>For a long time no news arrived of the English and hope began to leave my breast. I became quite reckless of my life
    at the idea of remaining a slave. How bitterly I regretted having left my old regiment! At last news reached this
    out-of-the-way place that the English had burnt Kabul to the ground and had returned to India. Several Afghan
    families now returned to their homes and, when my master heard from a friend that these reports were true, he also
    made preparations to return. We arrived in Kabul just as the snow was beginning to fall. The city had not been
    burnt, but the bazaar had been totally destroyed. The inhabitants had not been molested, which greatly astonished
    the population, since all those who had had the means to do so had left the city for fear of retribution.</p>

<p>It was now more than three years since I had entered this vile country, and I had never heard from my own family or
    from my father's during this time. I wondered who had taken care of mine, supposing they were still alive, and how
    they managed to exist. Many doubts filled my mind. My master was not unkind to me, but I was made to do things
    against my caste without any consideration for the horror this inspired in my breast. Now that the English had left
    the country, my chances of escape were so much reduced that I almost gave up the idea. However, within a few months,
    my master had occasion to go to Ghazni on business, and I was left behind. As I had not lamented my lot for a long
    time, nor said anything about escaping, I was not watched so closely and greater liberty was allowed me. I had
    become friendly with one Ahmed Shah, a leader of a caravan that used to go every year to Hindustan. Since he knew
    every town in my own country, as well as being known to many merchants in Oudh, I opened my heart to him about my
    desire to be free. I told him that if he would connive at my escape, I would be able to pay him a handsome sum on
    reaching India.</p>

<p>After a great deal of haggling he agreed to let me go with him as his servant, on condition I promised to pay him 500
    rupees on reaching India, and this agreement he made me write down on paper. I was much afraid after I had done this
    that he would disclose my secret, but I comforted myself with the thought that he would not gain so much by
    betraying me as he would by helping me. In a few days his camels were ready to depart. I bought a dirty set of
    clothes, pulled my hair down over my face and burnt the ends with lime, in order to make it look as much like a
    Pathan’s<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> as possible. I entered up all my master’s
    accounts, and left even the clothes he had given me. The only thing I took was a long knife. Early one morning I
    left Kabul with a caravan of 175 camels, but I soon discovered that my situation as a servant, although only
    assumed, was in reality a hard one. Ahmed Shah was very hot-tempered and used to shower me with abuse in his own
    language, which was hard to bear. I had to attend on the camels, lead them out to feed, and perform the other duties
    of a camel-man. I put up with all this, and as the caravan got farther away from Kabul my heart began to rejoice at
    the prospect of escape. But suddenly, from some news received by the master of the caravan that it was dangerous to
    attempt to pass through the Punjab by the north, on account of the disturbed state of the country and the numerous
    and heavy tolls that were certain to be levied, Ahmed Shah decided to go by another route by way of Dehra Ismail
    Khan.<a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a></p>

<p>As we were now taking the road to Ghazni, I was afraid lest I might meet my old master and be claimed back by him. I
    therefore kept a sharp lookout for any party of travellers attended by horsemen as I knew my former master had hired
    some of them to escort him to Ghazni. About two marches distant from Ghazni Osman Beg and his party passed our
    caravan. I saw him from a distance and at once determined to use the pistol which I had been given, either against
    him or myself, rather than be taken back into slavery. It was an anxious moment, and any mistake on my part would
    have been certain to lead to my detection. I happened at the time to be on the same side of the string of camels as
    my master and therefore changed over to the other side, at the same time making loud noises that the Afghans make
    when driving camels, which sound quite different
    from those the camel-men make in Hindustan. As the party passed us, my former master called out to know whose
    caravan it was and how many days we had been coming from Kabul. As luck would have it the man next to me replied,
    and thus saved me from speaking which might well have betrayed me. Osman Beg and his horsemen moved on without
    noticing me and my chances of escape were now more hopeful. I felt an even greater sense of relief when I saw the
    lances of his escort disappearing in the distance than I did when the Pindaris departed from the tomb in
    Bundelkhand.</p>

<p>Few people have had to endure such trials twice in a lifetime. After leaving Ghazni the caravan struck off to the
    east. By paying tribute to the hill tribes we got through—wonderful to relate—without any annoyance and arrived at
    Dehra Ismail Khan which belonged to the Sikhs. Heavy duties were levied before the caravan could move on. Although I
    was not yet in my own country, I felt very happy for having left the vile country of the Afghans, and for having
    re-crossed the Indus. At Dehra Ismail Khan I heard that the English were fighting in Sind,<a href="#footnote8"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> and I wanted Ahmed Shah to take the caravan that way, but he had determined
    to go direct to Ferozepore. After a great deal of trouble with the Sikh authorities, who constantly demanded some
    tax or other from the caravan, in October 1843 we approached Ferozepore.</p>

<p>As the buildings in the cantonment came in sight I could hear the drums and bugles of the garrison, and I was
    overcome with delight. However Ahmed Shah would not let me go to the cantonments until he had made his own
    arrangements in the <em>serai</em> and could accompany me. He would not let me out of his sight for a moment. After
    the camels had been unloaded and had been led out to feed, we mounted and set off for the cantonment. I went with
    him to the Brigade Major's bungalow, but we were ordered out of the compound because the <em>sahib</em> wanted no
    fruit.<a href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> I then spoke to the orderlies in their own language,
    explaining my situation and requesting to see the <em>sahib</em>. It was not much use when I did see him since he
    would not believe me. He also told me that even if my story was true, he was quite certain the Government would not
    pay as much as 500 rupees, or indeed anything, for my ransom!</p>

<p>I then went to the Magistrate and told him my tale. I claimed deliverance from being a slave, which Ahmed Shah, now
    that he saw that I was not likely to obtain any money, loudly proclaimed me to be.
<p>At first the <em>sahib</em> refused to listen to me, but when he discovered that I knew all the officers in several
    regiments, he began to give me more attention.<a href="#footnote10" epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> However,
    he still refused to advance me any money, and he also said that the <em>Sirkar</em> would never do so. I tried one
    last resource and went to the Commissioner <em>sahib</em>.<a href="#footnote11"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> By good fortune I saw a <em>subedar</em> of my late regiment on guard; he
    had been promoted into some other corps. I made myself known to him, but at first he would not credit my story until
    I spoke to him in Hindi and told him facts which put all doubt out of his mind. He went with me to the Commissioner
    <em>sahib</em> who listened attentively to my story and asked me a hundred questions about the army in Kabul; but he
    also said he did not think the Government would pay my ransom.
</p>

<p>However, the <em>subedar</em> agreed to pay 250 rupees; and the <em>sahib</em>, after the <em>subedar</em> told him
    that my family were well-off in Oudh, advanced me the remainder. My promissory note was retained, the transaction
    was entered into some book, and I was free! But I did not possess a <em>pice</em><a href="#footnote12"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> and owned nothing apart from my dirty Afghan clothes. I went to the lines
    of one of the regiments but when I informed the <em>sepoys</em> who I was, they all declared me unclean and defiled.
    Some even accused me of having been made a Mahommedan. Therefore, until I could regain my caste, I could look for no
    affection and friendship from my own people! This greatly mortified me, and I almost wished I had stayed in Kabul
    where at any rate I had not been treated unkindly.</p>

<p>I returned to the Brigade Major much dispirited. After I told him that the Commissioner <em>sahib</em> had paid a
    part of my ransom, he agreed to take me to the Brigadier <em>sahib</em>, who was very kind to me. He knew my old
    regiment and told me it was now at Delhi.<a href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a> He also wrote
    about me to the Adjutant-General<a href="#footnote14" epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> <em>sahib</em> in order
    that I could be reinstated in my old regiment. I was furnished with some money and allowed to live in his compound.
    I threw away my Afghan clothes which I had now been wearing for one year and seven months. Having been shaven and
    shorn, I now looked more like a soldier, but I was still shunned by all my brethren —in fact I was an outcaste. The
    Brigadier <em>sahib</em> often called me onto his veranda and asked about my adventures in Kabul. He took a great
    interest in me. It was entirely due to him that I owe my good fortune in being looked upon with favour by the
    <em>Sirkar</em>.
    After some time I received orders to join my former regiment at Delhi, and being furnished with the means by some
    officers who were exceedingly kind to me,<a href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> I marched down
    to
    Delhi and reported my arrival to my Colonel <em>sahib</em>. He was very pleased to see me and seemed to have
    forgotten
    about my court-martial. I was supernumerary to the establishment for some time, but I was restored to my former rank
    as
    <em>havildar</em> as soon as there was a vacancy in my regiment.
</p>

<p>I had written home and now received an answer. My first wife was dead and also my mother and my old friend, the
    Pundit Duleep Ram. My father wished me to come home and promised to pay the 250 rupees which he would send me. All
    this time I was treated as an outcaste by the Brahmins. The only people who would associate with me and speak to me
    were the Mahommedans, and the Christian drummers and musicians.<a href="#footnote16"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> The officers knew this and were very kind to me but I had no money and
    therefore could not pay to regain my caste at that time.</p>

<p>When the time for furlough came round I was permitted to take mine. What changes I found at my home! My father had
    become an old man and my young brother managed his affairs. The news that I had been made a slave had reached my
    village and I was not allowed to remain in my father's house. I discovered that my brother was my enemy. He had long
    supposed me to be dead and looked forward to succeeding to the estate. My father paid for my regaining my caste
    which I proved had been taken away forcibly. It did not cost as much this time as on the last occasion but I was
    unhappy because I could obtain no news about my <em>Thakurin</em> wife. Some said she had returned to her own
    country, while others hinted that she had gone off with some <em>sepoy</em>. My son had been transferred to another
    regiment, which had gone down to Sind, and nothing had been heard of him for two years. I had inherited a small sum
    of money from my first wife, and with this I paid off the 250 rupees lent to me by <em>subedar</em> Kushal Dubey [in
    Ferozepore].</p>

<p>My father did all that he could to persuade me to leave the army and live with him, but my heart yearned for my son
    and my wife and I knew I should never find them by remaining at home. I therefore decided to set off for Bundelkhand
    in search of my wife and went straight to the village where her brother was living. When I arrived there, and
    when I discovered that her brother was a proud Rajput owning a considerable property, who was greatly superior to me
    in position if not in caste, my heart began to fail me. I did not know what kind of reception I would experience.
    However, I made up my mind and boldly said that I had come to claim my wife. To my great delight I found that she
    was living under her brother’s protection. I was permitted to take her away to my home, where I left her in the care
    of my father, and set off to rejoin my regiment at Delhi.</p>

<p>But I now lacked spirit and was almost tired of life. When I was in Kabul the hope of escape kept up my spirits;
    every day I dreamed of becoming free. Now I was free but what had I gained? I had obtained neither promotion nor
    reward for all I had endured. Six months’ pay was owing to me but I had little prospect of getting it. I had spent a
    lot of money to regain my liberty and my caste, and also owed a considerable sum to a <em>sahib</em>. I became ill
    and spent a long time on sick report. During this time I had requested my Colonel <em>sahib</em> to present my
    petition to the <em>Sirkar</em> which he had promised to do. In it I had stated how long I had served the
    <em>Sirkar</em>, in how many battles I had participated, how I had been wounded, etc., etc., and that I had entered
    Shah Shujah’s army by the express desire of an officer, and with the promise of promotion and better pay. I then
    mentioned that I had received no promotion, was owed six months' pay, had been captured when wounded, and
    had been sold as a slave. I had made my escape by promising to give 500 rupees, had forfeited one year and seven
    months service towards my pension, and I begged the <em>Sirkar</em> in mercy to listen to my prayer.
</p>



<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">
    1. After Shah Shujah's assassination his son, Fath Jung, seized the throne. There followed the usual series of feuds
    between the various factions. At one stage Akbar Khan, son of Dost Mahommed, appointed himself vizier to Fath Jung.
    Fath Jung eventually fled to General Pollock's camp where he was received with royal honours—much to the annoyance
    of Lord Ellenborough. Dost Mahommed returned to Afghanistan in April 1843 and was restored to the throne from which
    the British had so mistakenly evicted him.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
    2. He was besieging Sale's Brigade at Jellalabad at the time.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">3. Auckland ceased to be Governor-General in March 1842, and was succeeded by
    Lord Ellenborough (1790-1859). Before Auckland's departure orders had been given for the assembly of a force at
    Peshawar under Major-General George Pollock with the object of relieving Sale's force at Jellalabad. This relieving
    force was subsequently augmented in order that it could, after relieving Sale, march on to Kabul, join forces with
    General Nott's force which was advancing from Kandahar, and release the British prisoners. All this was accomplished
    by the 'Army of Retribution', as it became known, and among the punitive measures carried out by Pollock, perhaps
    the destruction of the great bazaar in Kabul—'the architectural pride of Central Asia'—was the most regrettable.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">4. Istalif was a town in Kohistan. It was attacked in September 1842 by a
    force under General McGaskill in order to punish Aminullah Khan who had taken refuge there. Aminullah Khan had been
    one of the principal instigators of the Kabul insurrection.</aside>


<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
    5. Kandahar was never recaptured by the Afghans. General Nott remained there with the garrison throughout the Kabul
    insurrection and only left in order to join forces with Pollock in Kabul on 18 September 1842. He destroyed Ghazni
    en route and brought with him the gates of the Temple of Somnath (as ordered by Lord Ellenborough). These gates were
    reputed to be the ones looted from Somnath in Western India by Mahmud of Ghazni (who reigned from 998 to 1030) but
    this is unlikely.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
    6. Pathan: the name applied to the Pushtu-speaking tribes of south-eastern Afghanistan and north-western Pakistan.
    They are often of an unkempt and hirsute appearance, their long locks matted like the Bedouin of Arabia.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
    7. Runjeet Singh’s Sikh empire was soon plunged into anarchy after his death in 1839.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
    8. The British conquest of Sind began in February 1843, under Major-General Sir Charles Napier. The Amirs of Sind
    were defeated at Miani and Hyderabad, and Sind was annexed by the East India Company. The 22nd (Cheshire) Regiment
    distinguished itself during this campaign.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
    9. Afghans are in the habit of going round to houses selling fruit, tobacco, etc. [Norgate's original translation].
</aside>


<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">10. Sita Ram's appearance must have been against him. An unkempt, hirsute
    Pathan looks very different from a Hindustani from Oudh, and India has always been full of vagrants telling hard
    luck stories.</aside>
<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">11. The senior ICS officer in a district.</aside>
<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">12. Pice: the smallest Indian coin; less than a farthing.</aside>
<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">13. Sita Ram presumably is referring to the 63rd BNI which he left to join
    Shah Shujah's Levy in 1838. But the 63rd left Delhi for Ambala in November 1843 before Sita Ram could have rejoined,
    if his chronology is accurate.</aside>
<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">14. This would be the Adjutant-General of the Bengal Native Army who was the
    senior staff officer responsible for personnel matters. There was also an Adjutant-General for the Royal Army.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
    15. It would probably have taken Sita Ram two weeks or more to travel from Ferozepore to Delhi in those days. He
    would have had to equip himself, and feed himself on the way, and these expenses appear to have been met by some of
    his British officers.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
    16. Musicians were of low caste in India at that time, and bandsmen and drummers were often Christians.
</aside>