<h1>Ghazni and Kabul</h1>
<p>Keane halted for two months at Kandahar in order to rest his troops and collect supplies, and then moved on towards
    Kabul. He left a garrison in Kandahar under Major-General William Nott, a cantankerous and irritable officer of the
    Bengal Army who was one of the few senior officers to come out of the campaign with any credit. The fortified town
    of Ghazni lay between Kandahar and Kabul. It was reputedly a place of some strength, but Keane, for some
    unaccountable reason left behind his siege artillery at Kandahar. These guns had been dragged with immense
    difficulty all the way from Ferozepore and were discarded at the time they were most needed. Keane was severely
    criticized for his action, and particularly by Henry Havelock,<a href="#footnote1"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> serving with the 13th Foot, but he may have been influenced by the
    difficulty of finding sufficient fodder for the train of elephants and bullocks required to drag the guns.</p>

<p>Whatever his reasons for leaving the guns behind, Keane must have regretted his decision when he first set eyes on
    Ghazni. It was one of the strongest fortresses in Afghanistan and his light horse artillery guns were useless for
    making a breach in the walls. However, a traitor was found, as so often in Afghanistan at that time, and he reported
    that the Kabul Gate was only weakly defended. The place was taken by coup-de-main, by a ‘forlorn hope’ from the
    European regiments, after the gate was blown in just before dawn. There was severe street fighting before Ghazni
    capitulated, and Sita Ram’s regiment was involved in this. Once again he marvels at the clemency of the British when
    the fighting is over, and is amazed by the admiration they showed for the outspoken defiance of the Afghan chiefs.
    Sita Ram does not, however, make it clear whether he respected the British for this aspect of their character, or
    merely thought them mad—probably a bit of both.</p>

<p>From Ghazni the army marched to Kabul. Dost Mahommed’s forces melted away in front of them, and Dost Mahommed himself
    escaped with his favourite son, Akbar Khan, to Kohistan beyond the Hindu Kush. There he survived to fight another
    day, but not before undergoing some unpleasant adventures in Bokhara where he sought refuge with the bloodthirsty
    amir who imprisoned him for a time. Shah Shujah-ul-Mulk was restored to the throne by the British, and forthwith
    proceeded to alienate his few supporters by his arrogance, meanness, and choice of ministers. He was also hated by
    his subjects for his reliance on British bayonets to keep him on the throne. Sita Ram is critical of Shah Shujah,
    and also of Sir William Macnaghten, the British Envoy, who consistently maintained that the Shah’s rule was popular.
</p>

<p>The expeditionary force was reduced in strength after the entry into Kabul. The Bombay contingent returned to India
    by way of Kandahar and Quetta in Baluchistan. The Bengal contingent was reduced by several regiments, and
    Major-General Sir Willoughby Cotton succeeded Lieutenant-General Sir John Keane as commander of the force. The
    intention was to hand over more and more responsibility for internal security to Shah Shujah's Levy, but the
    efficiency of this force, never high, declined rapidly. However, conditions improved temporarily in those areas
    where the Company's troops were garrisoned, and a cantonment was constructed in Kabul itself. Although most
    officers, including Cotton, wished the troops to be garrisoned in the Bala Hissar, the fortress-palace of the kings
    of Afghanistan, Shah Shujah insisted that this would be a derogation of his sovereignty, and was supported by
    Macnaghten. In consequence the cantonment was constructed outside Kabul in an area that was difficult to defend,
    being surrounded by orchards and gardens and overlooked from the nearby hills, and was laid out on a pattern more
    suited to the peaceful conditions of Madras than a city as turbulent as Kabul.</p>

<p>There the British officers did their best to reproduce the cantonment life to which they had been accustomed in
    India, with horse racing, dinner parties, cricket, and shooting and fishing. Early in 1840 some of them were joined
    by their wives who had made the long and dangerous journey from Delhi and beyond in camel litters and on horseback.
    Among them were Lady Macnaghten, the British Envoy's wife, and Lady Florentia Sale, wife of the Colonel of the 13th
    Foot who had recently been appointed to command a brigade. Lady Sale took her daughter with her, as well as some
    packets of sweet peas and assorted 'hardy perennials'. She made a deep impression on Sita Ram, who was later to see
    her displaying great courage during the retreat from Kabul, and he would probably have preferred being commanded by
    her than by her husband, who was described on one occasion as 'stupid, blundering old Sale'. But he did not lack for
    courage.</p>

<p>Sita Ram also describes the amorous relations of certain British officers with high-born Afghan ladies. That this did
    happen cannot be denied and it undoubtedly aroused much ill-feeling among the Afghans. Dislike of having their women
    interfered with by foreign soldiery is a trait by no means confined to the Afghans, but in a Moslem country, and
    among a people as proud and hot-tempered as the Afghans, it became even more unendurable. It is astonishing that
    Macnaghten, whose own conduct was unimpeachable, should have permitted such behaviour; but his senior political
    officer in Kabul, Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Alexander Burnes, is reputed to have been one of the worst offenders. It is
    possible that Macnaghten, who worked so hard at his papers that he never had time for anything else, was unaware of
    the state of affairs, and perhaps neither Shah Shujah nor anyone else bothered to
<em>enlighten him, but if so, it was a fatal mistake. The British were sufficiently disliked as foreign invaders and
    usurpers and, as if this was not enough for the wretched Afghans to endure, they now appeared to be cuckolds as
    well. There can have been no better grounds for the tragedy which was shortly to follow.</em></p>

<p>After some months' stay, the army moved on towards Ghazni. Ghazni had refused to acknowledge Shah Shujah and lay
    about 280 miles from Kandahar. The road was very bad in places and yet quite easy compared with our previous
    marches. To everyone's astonishment Lord 'Kane' sahib only took light guns with him, and left behind all the heavy
    artillery, which we had such labour and difficulty in dragging through the passes, at Kandahar, where a garrison of
    two or three thousand men from our force was also left. When we came in sight of the fortress of Ghazni it was seen
    to be place of great strength and unlikely to be taken without the assistance of heavy guns. The enemy came out in
    great force as we approached the town and sharp firing took place, but they were soon driven back again. This was
    the first time we had any fighting since we entered Afghanistan. The governor of Ghazni was Hyder Ali Khan<a
        href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> and all the inhabitants supported Dost Mahommed, and were
    opposed to Shah Shujah. They felt secure in the strength of the place. The walls were too high to scale and the
    horse artillery guns were of little or no use against them.</p>

<p>The armies of the <em>Sirkar</em> and the Shah were about to leave the place untaken when one night a deserter came
    to our camp. He said he wished to be taken direct to our General, and it was believed that he pointed out a gate by
    which we could enter the fortress.<a href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> This man was one of the
    many sons of the amir, with whom he had quarrelled, and he now sought to revenge himself on his father by betraying
    the secret of the door. In a few days a storming party was told off. Orders were given to keep up a hot fire on that
    side of the fortress away from the gate in order to deceive and distract the attention of the <em>Ghazis</em>,<a
        href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> while a party went up to the gate to blow it open with
    several bags of gunpowder.</p>


<p>The wind blew hard on this night and the clouds of dust which were flying about made everything darker than usual.
    When the guns opened fire, we saw the Ghazis running with torches, which suddenly made the place look like the
    <em>Diwali Pujah</em><a href="#footnote5" epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a>. After waiting some time we saw a
    flash high in the air, but we heard no noise on account of the firing of our guns. The bugles sounded the advance
    and the storming party rushed forward. They consisted of the 13th Europeans, the 16th Grenadiers, and two companies
    of my regiment.<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> No-one knew whether the gate had been blown
    in or not. The Shah's soldiers hung back a little until, hearing the continued firing of musketry and the bugles
    still sounding, and with morning also beginning to break, they went forward. The Ghazis fought like demons but to no
    avail. Our musketry swept them away. There was much confusion at this time. Some said that the gate had not been
    blown in; others said that the stormers had gone through. Our Brigadier halted the columns which were in reserve and
    sent forward an officer. However, it was now getting light and we could see the red coats inside the fortress. The
    Ghazis crowded to the gateway and defended it sword in hand. Some companies of Europeans were driven back and two
    companies of <em>sepoys</em> charged and carried the gateway. The Europeans were so pleased by this that they shook
    hands with every man of that regiment. I heard that the Brigadier <em>sahib</em> was severely wounded by a Ghazi who
    attacked him. The place was taken and was soon swimming with blood.<a href="#footnote7"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a></p>

<p>The leading citizens and the women all came out and begged protection from the English General sahib. The Governor
    could nowhere be found and no-one knew whether he had been killed or not. After looking for him all over the place
    an officer found him hiding in a house. He was just about to fire at him when the man called out that he was Hyder
    Ali. He was taken to the General who treated him very kindly. This man spoke out very boldly to the
    Commander-in-Chief. He said he was fighting for his country and his amir. The Afghans had never annoyed the British;
    why, therefore, had they come into his country to set up a king whom they all hated? They had brought death and
    desolation into many Afghan families. He ended by saying— 'kill me if you like, but if you let me go, I shall ever
    be found as your enemy, and do all in my power to excite the people against you, and drive you all out of Kabul!'
    The General sahib was not angry. He told Hyder Ali that he was a brave man and that he respected his feelings. But
    he, the General, was acting under the orders of his Government, whose servant he was. Once again I saw here the
    curious customs in war of the English. Had this man said half as much before a rajah or nawab, he would have been
    cut to pieces on the spot. And yet, in this instance, and in open durbar, the very sahibs who had fought against him
    cried out Barekilla! Barekilla! (Bravo! Bravo!). This was wonderful! Why do they fight? Not to kill their enemies
    but to have the pleasure of capturing them and then letting them go! Truly, their ways are unaccountable. It was
    also very odd that this man so brave in speech was found in hiding after the battle!<a href="#footnote8"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a></p>

<p>Ghazni was a large town, surrounded by a high wall, and with a lofty citadel. The Afghans thought the place secure
    against any invaders, and it certainly would have been against any of their tribes. But what place can withstand the
    amazing good fortune of the Sirkar? A son of the amir, Akbar Khan, was reported to be marching on Ghazni to attack
    the English army, but when he heard that the place had fallen, he hastily retreated. More sahibs were killed and
    wounded in the capture of this place than I can recall at any other siege, but our loss in men was small—not more
    than 180.<a href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> The cavalry of our Levy distinguished itself very
    much and the Shah's army made a name for itself.<a href="#footnote10" epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> This
    siege took place in the middle of the hot season of 1839.</p>

<p><em>sahibs'</em> ladies came up to this country with the other army, but how they got up here I do not know.<a
        href="#footnote11" epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> They are wonderful for courage. The General
    <em>sahib</em> had his lady, who was a real warrior <em>memsahib</em>.<a href="#footnote12"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> I never knew how these ladies came, because the <em>sepoys</em> told me
    that there was much fighting in progress by whichever route they had taken. But after having seen a lady lead a
    column through a pass, I can wonder at nothing.<a href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a> The
    Pundit Duleep Ram had often told me—'My son, put not your trust in the counsels of women, for they are like ice—firm
    in the morning, but melt away as the sun rises'. However, he had never met an English <em>memsahib</em>. If the
    officers had taken counsel from some of their wives the calamities that afterwards befell the English army would
    never have occurred.</p>

<p>A garrison was left at Ghazni and our army marched on to Kabul. We received the news during the march of Maharajah
    Runjeet Singh's death<a href="#footnote14" epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> and the officers were anxious
    concerning the outcome of this event. It was said that the Sikhs would now make friends with the Afghans and help
    them against the <em>Sirkar</em>; they would cut off the English forces marching through their territory. Other
    reports said that the <em>Sirkar</em>'s resources were limitless, and that it possessed more money in one of its
    towns than the Afghans did in their entire country. All kinds of rumours were flying around. First, the English had
    been driven out of Kandahar and their army had been destroyed in the Bolan Pass. Then, again, that the English were
    coming through the Bolan Pass with 100,000 soldiers. These rumours were incessant and at variance with each other.
    The <em>sahibs</em> did not know the real state of affairs and therefore were unable to contradict this bazaar
    gossip.</p>

<p>Messengers now arrived in our camp and the General <em>sahib</em> told us that two large armies would soon be
    arriving in Afghanistan.<a href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> This encouraged our small force,
    and our commanders were keen to advance before the other armies arrived, since they might take all the prizes out of
    our hands. Kabul was eight marches north of Ghazni, and during this march emissaries from Dost Mahommed came into
    our camp. Among them was the Nawab Jubar Khan, a brother of Dost Mahommed. He requested that the English army should
    leave Afghanistan but he departed without having persuaded the political officers to agree. It was curious to see
    the way agents continually came to the English camp with the most foolish demands. They showed no fear and relied on
    the honour of the English.</p>

<p>About three days after the Nawab had left, we received news that Dost Mahommed had been deserted by nearly all his
    followers, and a light column was prepared in order to pursue him. The officers were certain that he would be
    captured. This column was accompanied by an Afghan called Hadji Khan Khaukar who said he was well acquainted with
    all the movements and intentions of the Amir Dost Mahommed. He offered to lead the column by a short cut to the
    Amir's hiding place, but after several forced marches and halts, these latter always on the advice of Khaukar, the
    Amir managed to escape over the hills into the country beyond Kabul. However, all his camp equipment and guns were
    captured. When Shah Shujah learned that Dost Mahommed had escaped, he demanded Khaukar's head since he had
    discovered him to be a traitor. The English refused to give him up; they made him a prisoner and sent him to
    Hindustan.<a href="#footnote16" epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a></p>

<p>The army entered Kabul without any fighting and the Shah was proclaimed king. But here, as at Kandahar, the people
    took no part in the rejoicings; these were all made by the Shah's own soldiers and his court. The hearts of the
    people were with the Amir, and not with Shah Shujah.<a href="#footnote17" epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a></p>

<p>The Shah had murdered in open <em>durbar</em> a number of the prisoners taken at Ghazni, among whom were some of the
    leading Afghan chiefs. This act greatly disgusted the English officers and incensed the people of Afghanistan. 'Lad
    Macnaten' sahib<a href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> was also very angry and he told Shah
    Shujah that the English army would be withdrawn if ever anything of this kind occurred again.<a href="#footnote19"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> It would have been well if the army had then left that wretched country.
    Shah Shujah had been placed on the throne, and Dost Mahommed had been driven out. However, it was common knowledge
    that a rebellion would break out the moment the foreign troops left. Shah Shujah and all his party dreaded this, and
    I believe that it was on account of their earnest entreaties that the Sirkar allowed its army to remain.<a
        href="#footnote20" epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a> The people of Kabul talked openly in the bazaars that
    the Shah would remain king only so long as the red coats stayed to protect him.</p>

<p>The army went into quarters at Kabul. Some officers took over Afghan houses, while others occupied buildings in the
    outskirts of the city. Life was much the same as it was in Hindustan. Soon it became very cold—such cold as can
    never be experienced in our country. The <em>sepoys</em> suffered terribly; they lost the use of their limbs and
    their blood froze in their veins. The English soldiers who came from Europe did not suffer so much, but many of them
    became frost-bitten and affected with sores caused by the cold. Snow fell as deep as a man was high. Provisions were
    very expensive. We Hindus never dared bathe, since it was almost certain death.<a href="#footnote21"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> We had no comfort nor ease, and we never received any of the lavish
    presents promised so profusely by Shah Shujah in order to persuade us to come to his accursed country. Before the
    cold weather set in several regiments of the Bombay army were sent back to Baluchistan. I believe this force went by
    Jagdalak and the Khyber Passes—much the nearest
    route and with no deserts to be traversed. However, there was some fear of meeting the Sikh troops, who would have
    been delighted to attack the foreigners, despite the fact that their government was supposed to be at peace with
    Sirkar. Our army was much reduced in strength, but for some time everything remained peaceful.<a href="#footnote22"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>22</sup></a></p>

<p>Soon, however, the Afghans began to chafe at the occupation of their country by the English. They complained that the
    English were not adhering to 'Lad Macnaten' sahib's promise that the army would return to Hindustan as soon as Shah
    Shujah was secured on his throne. They pointed out that the king had been restored, and yet the foreigners still
    remained. 'Macnaten' sahib explained that a great part of the army had been sent back to Hindustan, but the chiefs
    complained that everyone had not departed and that, in reality, the English held possession of their country. The
    Envoy said that the Sirkar did not consider the Afghans as enemies—only those who resisted Shah Shujah, the rightful
    heir to the throne. But the Afghans replied that they had a right to have whatever king they chose. There were
    therefore endless disputes between the Sirdars and the English.</p>

<p>Despite all this discontent, many Afghan gentlemen apparently became great friends of the sahibs. High-born Afghan
    ladies used to visit the sahibs secretly. The women in this country are allowed to walk about under a thick veil,<a
        href="#footnote23" epub:type="noteref"><sup>23</sup></a> through which they can see without being seen, and the
    fact that the sahibs were living in houses in the city gave great opportunity for intrigue.<a href="#footnote24"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>24</sup></a> The women liked the foreigners because they were fair; they pride
    themselves in Kabul on being fair, and the whiter a woman is, the more beautiful she is considered to be. These
    proceedings gave rise to great jealousies, and more than one officer was stabbed or fired at. How true it is that
    women are the cause of all evil! Several ladies of rank used to visit the political officers. Some said they were
    sent by their
    husbands for political reasons, while others declared that business of another kind took them there. However, it is
    certain that their husbands must have known they were in the habit of visiting the officers' houses, since latterly
    there was very little attempt at concealment. It was a matter of wonder to us how this could go on when the
    foreigners were regarded by the whole population in the bazaars with great contempt, and were always referred to as
    'cursed kaffirs'. There is no comprehending the fancies of a woman. They may have been sent in the first place to
    try and gain some knowledge of the designs of the <em>Sirkar</em>, but it was common gossip that they preferred the
    <em>sahibs</em> to their own husbands. Shri Sukhdeoji says: 'Women of low degree leave their husbands. This is the
    custom all over the world, and has been so for ever.' But these were not women of low caste; some were the wives of
    the <em>Sirdars</em> themselves, and they did not desert their husbands.</p>


<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">1. Henry Havelock (1795–1857) was described by Lord Hardinge,
    Governor-General of India, as ‘Every inch a soldier, every inch a Christian’. He took part in the Afghan War with
    his regiment, HM 13th Foot, and won a high reputation. He was to add to this during the Indian Mutiny by his efforts
    to relieve Lucknow.</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
    2. The governor was one of the many sons of Dost Mahommed.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
    3. Ghazni was betrayed by a nephew of Dost Mahommed. He told Keane that the Kabul gate was less strongly defended
    than the other gates, and since the lack of a battering train precluded any attempt to lay siege to the fortress, it
    could only be captured by a coup-de-main after blowing in one of the gates.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
    4. Sita Ram appears to refer to all Afghans as Ghazis although by no means all Afghans fought as savagely as these
    fanatics.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
    5. Diwali Pujah: Hindu festival marking New Year (October to November). Lamps are ceremonially lit, housefronts
    illuminated, and presents are exchanged.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
    6. Ghazni was stormed in the early hours of 23 July 1839. The storming parties were all European—found from HM 2nd,
    13th, &amp; 17th Foot, and the Bengal European Regiment. No sepoy regiments were employed in what might easily have
    turned out to be a forlorn hope, but several were involved in the street fighting that followed, and these
    presumably included Sita Ram's battalion from Shah Shujah's contingent. Robert Sale commanded the troops who were to
    follow the stormers. When he arrived outside the Kabul Gate in the half-light of early dawn, an excited engineer
    officer told him the breach was choked with debris and the dead. Sale was about to order the 'withdraw' to be
    sounded, but he then received contrary information. While he was hesitating, an unknown bugler sounded the advance,
    and the 13th Foot surged forward and stormed into Ghazni. Sale was wounded, as Sita Ram says. The 16th BNI
    particularly distinguished themselves and were later made a Grenadier regiment.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
    7. Major-General Sir Robert Sale (1781–1845). He commanded the 13th Foot, by whom he was greatly respected on
    account of his gallantry in battle. Later in the campaign he commanded a brigade and successfully defended
    Jellalabad. He was killed during the Sikh Wars at Mudki in 1845. His wife, Florentia, joined him in Kabul, and was
    taken prisoner by the Afghans during the retreat. Her account of her experiences in <em>Lady Sale's Diary</em> (John
    Murray) is one of the best accounts we have of the disaster in Kabul.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
    8. Some of the admiration for Hyder Ali's open defiance was due to the contempt felt by most British officers for
    Shah Shujah. He was a man of fine presence but of the most arrogant character and pusillanimous temperament.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
    9. The casualties were surprisingly light. 17 men were killed, 20 officers and 151 men wounded, and 2 missing.
    Ghazni earned Keane the GCB, and later a peerage as Baron Keane of Ghazni and Cappoquin. He was also given a pension
    of £2,000 a year.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">
    10. This reputation did not last long. General Nott reported six months later on the 2nd Cavalry Regiment of the
    Shah's army: 'I think it my duty to acquaint you that the regiment is quite inefficient. The majority of men are of
    that description which assures me they can never be brought to a serviceable state. . . . Out of 705 horses I
    conceive there are not at present more than 50 fit for any kind of duty. . . . &c.'
</aside>


<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
    11. Sita Ram has again mixed up his chronology. Some months after Shah Shujah was restored to his throne in Kabul,
    his harem was escorted from India across the Punjab and through the Khyber Pass. With them went the wives of several
    officers serving in Afghanistan, including Lady Macnaghten, wife of the British Envoy, and Lady Sale and her
    daughter, Mrs Sturt, whose husband was also serving in Kabul.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
    12. Sita Ram is referring to Lady Sale.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
    13. The reference is again to Lady Sale during the retreat from Kabul. She actually shouldered a musket and went
    through the motions of firing it in order to shame those soldiers who were hanging back.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
    14. Maharajah Runjeet Singh (1780–1839) rose from comparative obscurity to become ruler of the Punjab. He was known
    as the 'lion of the Punjab' and made the Sikhs the most formidable power in India after the British. He added
    Multan, Kashmir, Peshawar and Ladakh to his kingdom, but avoided any conflict with the Company by signing a treaty
    with the British at Amritsar in 1809. His army was modelled on the Company's, and was particularly strong in
    artillery. He employed Europeans of various nationalities to train it. He was one of the ablest Indians of the
    century.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
    15. This must refer to the force under Colonel Wade which escorted Shahzada Timur, Shah Shujah's eldest son, from
    India and which entered Afghanistan through the Khyber Pass during August 1839.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
    16. In a land where, according to Sir William Kaye, 'It is a moot point whether revenge or avarice is the stronger
    feeling,' Hadji Khan Khaukar was probably one of the most faithless of traitors. However, in this instance he served
    his master well. Dost Mahommed, who had ridden out from Kabul to oppose the advancing British, but whose nerve seems
    to have failed him at the last moment, managed to escape across the mountains into Kohistan. Later he took refuge
    with the Amir of Bokhara, where he was badly treated, and escaped to raise the flag of revolt against the British.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">
    17. 'At 4 p.m. on 7 August (1839) Shah Shujah . . . made a state entry into his capital. He was mounted on a white
    Persian horse, splendidly dressed in black velvet with a magnificent glittering sword belt, and looked every inch a
    king. The ominous thing was that this magnificent apparition raised hardly a cheer from the spectators, and the
    silence hung like a storm cloud as he rode into the ancient fortress-palace of the Kings of Afghanistan, the Bala
    Hissar.'
</aside>


<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
    18. Sir William Hay Macnaghten (1793–1841), British Envoy to Shah Shujah, and contemptuously described by the Duke
    of Wellington as 'the gentleman employed to command the Army'. Miss Eden, sister of Lord Auckland, the
    Governor-General, called Macnaghten, 'our Lord Palmerston, a dry sensible man, who wears an enormous pair of blue
    spectacles, and speaks Persian, Arabic and Hindustani more fluently than English'. He was an able, hard working, but
    opinionated civil servant who failed to see, or did not wish to see, the realities of the situation in Afghanistan.
    He paid for his obstinacy with his life. He was murdered by Akbar Khan, Dost Mahommed's son, on 23 December 1841,
    and his policy collapsed in ruins.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
    19. The massacre took place in cold blood, and in full view of many British officers. It aroused great indignation.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
    20. Shah Shujah's pleas would not have received so much consideration had it not been for Macnaghten who continued
    to support Shah Shujah despite the advice of most of his assistants.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
    21. Scrupulous bodily cleanliness is one of the tenets of the Hindu religion, particularly among the higher castes.
    It often surprises foreign visitors to India when they see men bathing under a cold-water tap in freezing weather.
    This inability to bathe daily must have been the cause of much discontent among Hindu sepoys.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote22" epub:type="footnote">
    22. There were reductions in both the Bombay and the Bengal contingents after the capture of Kabul. The Bombay
    Division left Kabul on 18 September 1839 and marched to Quetta via Ghazni and Kandahar. The Bengal Division was
    reduced in strength but remained in Afghanistan under the command of Major-General Willoughby Cotton. Sir John Keane
    returned to India, accompanied by the 16th Lancers, and other regiments; the Lancers took their pack of fox hounds
    with them. They had travelled 1,500 miles since leaving Ferozepore in November 1838. The 'Army of the Indus' was
    formally broken up on 1 January 1840, at Ferozepore.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote23" epub:type="footnote">
    23. The burgha as worn by women in Moslem countries is a tent-like garment worn over the clothes whenever outside
    the home. It is designed to conceal not only the face, but also the shape of the body. Lattice-work over the face
    allows for vision.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote24" epub:type="footnote">
    24. So many eyewitnesses have referred to affairs between the British officers and Afghan ladies that there must
    have been many of them. Sir Alexander Burnes, Macnaghten's able young assistant, undoubtedly conducted intrigues
    with Afghan women, and there probably were several others who followed his example. One British officer, who later
    achieved high rank, married the daughter of an Afghan chief whom he met while a prisoner in Kabul after the retreat.
</aside>