<section epub:type="preface"> <h2>Preface by Translator</h2> <p>I have attempted to render into English the Life and Adventures of this Native Officer, and in so doing have often been obliged to give the general meanings, rather than adhere to a literal translation of many sentences and ideas, the true idiom of which it is almost impossible to transpose into English.</p> <p>In some parts of the narrative it becomes rather confused, and some of the dates are evidently incorrect, but when it is remembered that this ‘life’ embraces scenes and events which occurred during a period of half a century, and are related by an old man, these errors are not surprising.</p> <p>For the opinions contained in the work, I am not responsible.</p> <p>The narrative without doubt might have been expressed in more elegant language, and there are incidents enough, had one the pen of a ‘Grant’, to have produced a romantic tale, but as Truth is said to be stranger than Fiction, I have preferred to let it remain in its own unvarnished style and simplicity. For the benefit of those who may wish to criticize the translation, where any idiomatic words are used, the originals are often given, and critics are welcome to put that construction on these as seemeth them best. It is believed that this is one of the first attempts of any native soldier to give his thoughts and ideas to the world, and it took great trouble and a great amount of assurances before the <i>Subedar</i> would part with his memoirs; so afraid are the natives (particularly those receiving pensions) of saying a word which might be considered to censure Government.</p> <p>It is certain that if we were to study this little work, we might obtain a better insight into native modes of thought and character than unfortunately many now possess. This <i>Life and Adventures</i> appeared many years ago in an Indian periodical since defunct (alas, the fate of most Indian periodicals) and at the time met with great favour, and excited no little interest.</p> <p><i>The Times</i> said in 1863, ‘It would be well if all officers whose lot compels them to serve with native troops were to study this life of the old <i>Subedar</i>’.</p> <p class="signature">Punjab<br/>1 January 1873<br/><i>The Translator*</i></p> </section>