<h1>Return to the Village</h1>
<p>Sita Ram's wound was so severe that he had to be sent home on sick leave before he was again fit for service, and in
    this chapter he tells of his return to the village. Soon after his arrival there he discovered that his family had
    'arranged' a marriage for him, as is still the custom throughout most of India, although nowadays more and more
    educated young Indians are insisting on choosing their own bridegrooms or brides. We are also given some insight
    into the problems of caste in India, for Sita Ram was for some time declared an outcaste because of the help he had
    received when wounded from 'untouchables'.</p>

<p>He is never very accurate where chronology is concerned, although he is correct in mentioning the defeat of Holkar by
    General Hislop at Mehidpur on 21 December 1817. However, he is wrong when he ascribes the death of Chitu, one of the
    leading Pindari chieftains, to a bite from a snake. Chitu was in fact present during the fighting at Asirgarh,
    described in the next chapter, but escaped and roamed the jungles until he was killed and eaten by tigers. According
    to Fortescue, 'he had very narrowly missed capture by the 17th Light Dragoons in March 1818, escaping only through
    the speed of his black horse, an animal with hoofs so abnormally large that his tracks could always be recognized.
    Since that time Chitu had roamed far and wide, living the life of a hunted beast, until soon after the fall of
    Asirgarh he disappeared into the jungle and was seen no more. The black horse was, however, tracked, and was found
    grazing, still saddled and bridled; and search in the jungle revealed first mangled remains which could not be
    identified, and at last the head of the once famous chieftain.'</a><a href="#footnote1"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> The fate of the other famous Pindari chieftain, Karim Khan, was less
    spectacular. He surrendered to Sir John Malcolm on 16 February 1818.</p>

<p>After his purification to restore his caste, Sita Ram married and soon thereafter returned to his regiment. This
    seems to have been a leisurely journey, but it was probably difficult to ascertain exactly where his unit was
    located in the vast distances of central India. He travelled by way of Jaipur in Rajasthan and was greatly impressed
    by the lay-out of the city; Jaipur is in fact the only city in India, other than New Delhi, which has been built to
    a plan, and of course Jaipur preceded New Delhi by 200 years. While there Sita Ram visited the Maharajah's zoo and
    saw for the first time a giraffe and an ostrich. These had been presented by Nasiruddin, Nawab of Surat on the west
    coast, whose vessels traded throughout the Indian Ocean. The East India Company had assumed control of Surat since
    1800, and the Nawab, who had previously been subject to the Mahrattas, became a pensioner. The titular dignity
    continued until the death of Nasiruddin in 1821, and it is this kind of information which lends authenticity to Sita
    Ram's story.</p>

<p>'Burrumpeel' also makes a reappearance in this chapter,</p>

<p><em>having apparently recovered from the wounds he received in the Gurkha War. Attempts have been made to identify
        him with William Pickersgill, who was an officer in the 2/15th Bengal Native Infantry which Sita Ram is presumed
        to have joined on the break-up of the ‘Flank’ battalion. However, the Army Lists show no officer serving with
        the 2/15th in 1818 who was serving with the 2/26th in 1812, although Pickersgill was severely wounded in the
        Gurkha War and was sent to Mauritius to convalesce. We are therefore no wiser concerning the mysterious
        ‘Burrumpeel’ but this does not necessarily imply that he did not exist. During a campaign of the kind fought
        against the Pindaris, there must have been a good deal of coming and going within units, as well as many
        temporary attachments to units which were under-officered, and ‘Burrumpeel’ may come into this category.</em>
</p>
<p>It is noteworthy that during the Pindari War the enemy always had much better information about our movements than we
    did of theirs. Any movements on our part, even if conducted with the utmost secrecy, were immediately known to the
    enemy. Large numbers of spies were employed by us, and were permitted to help themselves from a large bag of rupees
    whenever they gave us accurate information, but this was very rare. I am sure they always informed the enemy of our
    activities, and only told of a party of Pindaris being near after they had warned them of the approach of our force.
    Therefore the enemy always had time to escape. Our troops would march as quickly as possible to the place where the
    Pindaris were reported to be, and it is perfectly true that they had been there, for the villagers bore witness to
    the fact. The spies got the credit for being very good, but one thing is certain—the enemy never were there at the
    time when the Sirkar's troops arrived. Whenever our army did fall in with the enemy, it was purely by chance, when
    no information about their presence had been received, or when the spies claimed that there were no Pindaris within
    forty miles.</p>
<p>I would have thought that everyone would have been glad to assist the Government to exterminate these ill-bred dogs,
    but such was not the case. Numbers of rajahs and princes gave them assistance, some quite openly, and others by
    stealth. All the folk in Bundelkhand<a href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> were on their side,
    but this is hardly surprising. If they had possessed horses, they would have been Pindaris as well, since an
    inhabitant of Bundelkhand is a greater villain and lover of plunder than a Mahratta, if that be possible. It
    used to puzzle the Generals and Colonels when they heard that a party of these robbers had taken refuge in the
    territory of some rajah whose towns had themselves been looted, but I have already explained the reasons for this.</p>
<p>Detachments marched at all hours of the night without knowing which direction to take, and guides were then ordered
    to show the way to such and such a place. But these guides, unless they were watched like hawks, usually managed to
    fade away like wild animals into some dense piece of jungle. When a <em>sahib</em>, cleverer than others, ordered
    the guides to be tied with ropes, they either selected the wrong road, or pretended not to understand what was said
    to them. Shooting them had no effect—they sympathized with the Pindaris and hated the <em>Sirkar</em>. I have also
    heard that the frightful punishments inflicted by the Pindaris on anyone suspected of informing or giving help to
    their enemies was another reason for this refusal to co-operate with us. They would burn out eyes with a heated
    spear-blade, cut off ears, nose, and lips, and perform other horrible mutilations. We <em>sepoys</em> hated them
    cordially, and as we were servants of Government, they never spared us.</p>
<p>At this time<a href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> the Pindaris' fortunes seem to have been
    improving a little. We heard that the Mahratta chiefs had agreed to come to their assistance, but the Company's good
    fortune could not be resisted. The Mahratta army was beaten on the Sipra Nadi<a href="#footnote4"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> near Ujjain, which was a long way from where we were. The news soon spread
    all over Bundelkhand, and the Pindaris broke up into small parties and were in flight throughout the countryside.
    They tried to escape into Maharajah Scindiah's<a href="#footnote5" epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> territories
    near Rampura but were intercepted in several places and cut to pieces. Added to which, numbers of their former
    supporters abandoned them. When the Pindaris saw the <em>Sirkar</em> everywhere victorious, and when they could no
    longer count on receiving information as had formerly been the case, their fear was like that of the deer when
    pursued by the cheetah. Karim Khan was defeated and eventually surrendered to one of our General <em>sahibs</em>;
    Chitu, the other chief, ran off into the deep jungle and is reported to have been killed by a snake.<a
        href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> The power of the Pindaris had now been completely broken,
    while the reputation of the Company <em>Bahadur</em> was correspondingly increased. The various columns of the army
    were now broken up, <a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> and my battalion was sent to Ajmer.
    However I was attached to a regiment returning to Agra as I had been given permission to return to my home for six
    months' sick leave. </p>

<p>Only twenty men in my regiment were killed during this campaign, but 180 died of cholera and fever, while nearly 100
    were ruined in health and fit only to return to their villages. It was said that 700 followers <a href="#footnote8"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> and servants died of the cholera, which was a disease which had not been
    encountered in those parts previously. The European officers and soldiers also died from it. Their Doctor sahibs had
    never seen it before and knew of no cure for it. It was more deadly than small-pox and a dreadful disease.</p>

<p>I arrived safely in Agra with the regiment to which I was attached and bought myself a pony for 11 rupees. I then set
    off for my village in the company of four or five sepoys who had also been given leave. I arrived at home early one
    morning before it was light and waited outside until daybreak. When my mother came out to draw water I called to
    her, but she did not recognize me. During the four years I had been away I had grown from youth to manhood, and I
    had also grown whiskers and a moustache. In fact I considered myself a rather handsome sepoy. My mother seemed so
    alarmed when I spoke to her that I also became frightened, but my father told me later that my uncle had written
    home to say I had been killed, and my mother therefore thought she had met my ghost. However my father now appeared
    from the house and I was pleased to learn that none of my family had died during my absence. Everything was exactly
    the same as when I had left home. I also had the great pleasure of experiencing some ease for the first time for
    many months. My health rapidly recovered. I also satisfied my ambition by seating myself on the same bench in front
    of our house where my uncle had sat and recounting stories of my own escapes to the crowd who came every evening to
    listen and gossip, as they had previously done when my uncle was with us. I soon became a man of some importance in
    my village. The old priest was still alive and greeted me most warmly; he prided himself on the efficacy of the
    charm he had given me when first I left home.</p>

<p> While I had been away my mother had arranged my betrothal with the daughter of a local landowner. You will be aware,
    your Honour, that betrothals are arranged by our parents, and we are not allowed to see the faces of our wives until
    our wedding night. I did not much want to be married
    while I remained a soldier, but it was all part of my fate so what could I do about it? The priest fixed the
    auspicious day which was six months ahead. I often tried to get a glimpse of my betrothed's face during this time, and asked
    her nurse<a href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> about her. All I was told was that she had a neck
    like a dove, her eyes were like doe's, her feet like a lotus leaf, and that she was consumed with love for me, and with
    this I had to be satisfied! I only saw her once while getting into a bullock-cart, but she was a long way off and I could
    not see her face. My mother and the priest told me that my wife's dowry would be quite enough for us to live on and
    there was therefore no longer any need for me to remain in the army. She nearly managed to persuade me to write to my
    uncle and obtain my discharge. However my father was not so keen for me to be married because the priest's marriage fees
    would cost him a lot of money. He also did not wish me to leave the service because his lawsuit about the mango orchard
    had not yet been settled. Now that I had returned home he wanted me to act as his agent in the courts, since my being in
    the Sirkar's service would give me an advantage over the other claimant who was now urging his suit.</p>

<p>I employed my time as formerly in looking after my father's farm, and my wound quickly healed; however it gave me
    great pain whenever it rained. One evening, when I was telling the story of how I was wounded, I happened to mention
    the incident of the little girl who was looking after the cows in the jungle, and who gave me water which saved my
    life. A Brahmin priest who was listening said that from my own description the girl must have been of a lower caste
    than even a sweeper, and that therefore I must be defiled from having drunk water drawn by her. I protested in vain
    that I drank the water from my own brass bowl, but he talked so loudly, and reviled me so much, that the news was
    all over the village in no time at all. Everyone now shunned me and refused to smoke with me.<a href="#footnote10"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> I consulted Duleep Ram, our priest, who heard all my case and decided that
    I had broken my caste. He could no longer associate with me, and I was not even allowed to enter my father's house.
    I was plunged into despair. Through my father's influence a panchayat<a href="#footnote11"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a>, or court composed of five persons, was assembled to sit in judgement over
    me. After the priests had performed many ceremonies over me, and ordered me to fast for many days, I was declared
    clean and was given a new Brahminical cord. I had to give feasts for the priests and also gifts, and all the money I
    had saved during five years' service was
    spent. But who can struggle against destiny?</p>

<p>The day for my marriage drew nearer. All the ceremonies for this were conducted without my being present; my mother,
    and the girl's mother, arranged all these with the priests. The ceremony was performed, and on the first night my
    bride's face was allowed to be seen by the members of my family. Her nurse's description of her turned out to be
    false. How could the moon be beautiful if it had suffered from small-pox? Moreover my wife's dowry was mostly
    property settled on herself. As my leave was soon finished I decided to rejoin my regiment, leaving my wife in the
    care of my mother.</p>

<p>I set off for Ajmer in Rajputana<a href="#footnote12" epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> where my regiment was
    supposed to be, or at least where it was under orders to go at the time I went on leave. There had been no letter
    from my uncle during my stay at home although I had sent him two. But in those days the posts were very uncertain,
    and letters were usually entrusted to people travelling to a place, wherever it might be, instead of sending them by
    the Government's posts. I arrived in a few days at Agra and went to the Adjutant-General sahib for information. He
    could not tell me much but thought my regiment had gone with a force to Nagpur. I was given two months' advance of
    pay and set off via Jaipur, meeting with no adventures until I arrived there. Jaipur is one of the cleanest cities I
    have ever seen. Its streets are broad and it is altogether a beautiful place. Peacocks walked about everywhere; all
    the animals were tame; the deer came close up to one; pigeons of all colours abounded; clear streams of water ran on
    either side of the streets; the shops were large; and the gardens all round were beautiful. 'There creepers bloomed
    on numerous trees, different kinds of flowers were in blossom, on which swarms of bees were gathering honey. Cuckoos
    were singing on the mango trees, and peacocks strutted about in shady places,'<a href="#footnote13"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a></p>

<p>A priest told me that the town had been built by Maharajah Jai Singh, and that a French sahib had furnished the
    plans; however the people do not like to be reminded of the latter. I went to the king's garden and here I saw an
    animal that astonished me. It had a head like a nilghai<a href="#footnote14" epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a>
    with a neck four yards long and hooves like a horse. Its skin was covered with spots like a cheetah, but it did not
    eat flesh. It lived on the boughs of trees which it pulled down
    with its tongue which was a yard long. I asked the keeper about the animal and he told me it came from the great
    desert in Africa, 8,000 miles away, and that it was very gentle. I do not know its name or its species. All I do
    know is that it was a wonderful animal, and never has such a beast been described in any grandmother's tale.<a
        href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> This was an astonishing city, and truly a place of
    wonders. I soon saw yet another remarkable animal, a bird one hundred times as large as a turkey, and ten times as
    big as a sarus crane. It could run as swiftly as the wind, but although it had wings, it could not fly. Its keeper
    told me that its food was stones, and that it too came from Africa where the people use it instead of a horse.<a
        href="#footnote16" epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> This really was a city of enchantments. These
    marvellous animals were all presents to the Rajah from the Nawab of Surat, Nasiruddin, who had big ships trading
    with all parts of the world.</p>

<p>I remained in this place for several days and then proceeded to Ajmer. I could see the high hill of Taragarh beside
    Ajmer while still two days' journey away. I discovered that my regiment had left, and I therefore attached myself to
    some irregular cavalry<a href="#footnote17" epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> and went on with them towards
    Nagpur. After fifteen days I found my regiment<a href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> at
    Amboorah. My uncle was quite well although he had again been wounded in his right arm by a bullet. To my great
    delight I found my Captain <em>sahib</em> had returned, but he was much thinner and could no longer wrestle. However
    he was as brave as ever and was worshipped by his men. I have only met two other <em>sahibs</em> like 'Burrumpeel'
    <em>sahib</em>, and they were true Englishmen—not <em>sahibs</em> from the hilly island.<a href="#footnote19"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a>
</p>

<p>I was now quite fit enough to take my place in the ranks and my old wound never bothered me except in damp weather.
    In a few days we were ordered to storm a village called Ahanpura, which was

    defended by Arab soldiers<a href="#footnote20" epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a> in the pay of Apa Sahib.<a
        href="#footnote21" epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> These men were said to be the bravest in the world, and
    even a match for European troops. Nevertheless our Colonel did not hesitate to try and take the place with us
    Hindustanis. The Arabs fought desperately for their lives, and my regiment lost many <em>sepoys</em>; in my company
    alone eleven men were killed and wounded. As soon as one house was taken, the enemy retired to another. They did not
    run
    away, but died at their posts like men. They were expert marksmen and we always suffered severe casualties whenever
    we
    fought them. Even dislodging them from a few huts was a difficult business.</p>

<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">1. History of the British Army, Vol. xi, by Sir John Fortescue (Macmillan).
</aside>


<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
    2. Bundelkhand is a hilly and heavily forested area lying due south of Cawnpore and the River Jumna. It had a bad
    reputation for lawlessness, and was one of the areas where Thuggee was rampant.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
    3. Presumably Sita Ram is referring here to events late in 1817, by which time three of the great Mahratta chiefs
    (Holkar, the Peshwa, and the Bhonsla Rajah of Nagpur) had taken the field against the Company. Scindiah of Gwalior
    would almost certainly have done the same had it not been for the presence on his territory of a large number of the
    Company's troops.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
    4. Battle of Mehidpur, 21 December 1817.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
    5. One of the leading Mahratta chiefs whose capital was (and still is) at Gwalior.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
    6. Incorrect factually and chronologically. See introduction to Chapter 5, above.
</aside>
<h2><em>Return to the Village</em></h2>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
    7. The Grand Army of Bengal, its task accomplished, was dispersed in February 1818.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
    8. Sita Ram presumably refers to the followers of his own battalion. The term 'follower' includes water-carriers,
    sanitary-men, officers' servants, cooks, grooms, grass cutters, and other menial workers and their families. On the
    basis of ten followers for every soldier, there would have been around 5,000 followers with Sita Ram's battalion.
    They would have suffered severely in any epidemic, but it is hard to believe that this was the first time the
    Company's armies had encountered cholera. However, Fortescue states that this was the case.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
    9. The word used by Sita Ram is 'midwife' or 'wet-nurse'.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">
    10. Sita Ram presumably refers to the communal hookah which is passed from one smoker to the other among members of
    the same caste.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
    11. The panchayat, or village court of five members, is as old as Indian history.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
    12. Rajputana is now known as Rajasthan, but one of the Indian Army's oldest regiments is still called the Rajputana
    Rifles. Rajasthan is the home of the Rajputs, one of the great warrior races of India.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
    13. Sita Ram's translator put this passage into quotes but without specifying where the quotation originated.
    Attempts to identify the quotation have been unsuccessful.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
    14. Nilghai: the Blue Bull, or Blue Cow, of northern India. It is a large slaty blue antelope with sloping shoulders
    and short horns. It is a great nuisance to the farmers and is gradually being exterminated.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
    15. This was Sita Ram's first sight of a giraffe!
</aside>
<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
    16. The ostrich.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">
    17. Over and above the regular establishment of the Company's Bengal, Madras and Bombay Armies, there were numerous
    irregular corps which were often raised for a particular campaign and then disbanded. During the Pindari War, for
    example, some of the Pindari bands were taken on after defeat as irregulars. Many of these irregular corps were
    para-military, and can probably best be described as military police. Some of these irregulars have survived in the
    modern Indian Army, such as Skinner's Horse and Hodson's Horse of the Armoured Corps.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
    18. It has been assumed that Sita Ram was posted to the 2/15th Bengal Native Infantry when the 'Flank' battalion, in
    which he had served during the Gurkha and Pindari Wars, was broken up. The 2/15th BNI had lost three companies
    during the Gurkha War and it is possible that Sita Ram's company was posted to it en bloc as reinforcements. He says
    that 'Burrumpeel' and his uncle, Jemadar Hanuman, were serving with him.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
    19. Norgate's original translation has the following footnote: 'It is not very evident what Sita Ram means by the
    "hilly island"; all Belait (Europe) is imagined by the Hindus to be composed of different islands.' Perhaps he is
    comparing Englishmen with Scotsmen—to the disadvantage of the latter!
</aside>

<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
    20. Arab mercenaries were long recruited as bodyguards by Indian princes. The Nizam of Hyderabad, whose family has a
    long connection with the State of Qai'ti in South Arabia, maintained an Arab bodyguard until quite recent times.
    Presumably the loyalty of Arabs to the ruler's person was less likely to be tampered with in the plots and
    counterplots of an Indian court. These Arabs mostly came from Yemen and South Arabia, and the Yafa'i tribe from
    north-east of Aden provided a great many mercenaries.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
    21. Apa Sahib is another name for Madaji Bhonsla, who acted as vice-regent for his imbecile cousin who was Bhonsla
    Rajah of Nagpur, and one of the leading Mahratta chieftains. He concluded a treaty with the British which he
    subsequently broke, allowing his troops to attack them at Sitabaldi on 26 November 1818. Nagpur was subsequently
    besieged and Apa Sahib fled to the hills and jungles. The campaign against him was long drawn-out but culminated
    with the capture of Asirgarh. Apa Sahib took refuge with Runjeet Singh, ruler of the Punjab, and later removed to
    Jodhpur where he died.
</aside>