<h1>The First Sikh War:</h1>
<h2>1845-1846</h2>
<p><em>The two Sikh Wars of 1845-6 and 1848-9 were the last serious trials of strength for the British in India—except, of
    course, for the Mutiny<a href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a>—until the Independence Movement
    gathered momentum from 1919 onwards. Of all the many tribes and people with whom the British fought in order to
    establish their rule in India, the Sikhs were probably the most formidable, and Sita Ram makes it clear that the
    sepoys of the Bengal Army were most reluctant to cross swords with them. A Hindu sect founded by the first guru, or
    teacher, Nanak (1469–1539), the Sikhs were distinguishable by their beards and long hair, which they were forbidden
    to cut, martial characteristics and fine physique. Their home was in the Punjab and they suffered centuries of
    persecution by the Mughuls until, at the beginning of the nineteenth century, their numerous warring clans were
    united as a result of the genius of Maharajah Runjeet Singh (1787–1839).</em></p>

<p><em> good a clue as any to Ranjeet's character can be obtained from the Punjabi couplet he was fond of quoting:</em></p>

<blockquote><em>Four things greater than all things are,<br />
        Women, and Horses, and Power, and War.<br />
        (Kushwant Singh)</em></blockquote>

<p><em>By a combination of cajolery and force he united the Sikhs and pacified the Punjab, and then looked for farther
    fields to conquer. He fought the Afghans and took from them the fertile provinces of Kashmir and Peshawar. He
    extended his rule southwards to Multan and had ambitions in Sind. He dearly wished to bring under his control the
    Sikh clans who lived to the south and east of the River Sutlej, but that river formed the boundary between the Sikh
    empire and that of the East India Company. Runjeet Singh was determined not to antagonize the powerful British; he
    signed a treaty with them at Amritsar in 1809 and faithfully adhered to it thereafter.</em></p>

<p><em>The British plenipotentiary who negotiated this treaty was Charles Metcalfe and he was accompanied to Amritsar by an
    escort of Bengal sepoys. Runjeet Singh was greatly impressed by their discipline and appearance and decided to train
    his own soldiers along the same lines. He obtained the services of numerous European mercenaries, paid them well,
    and gave them a free hand to produce an army as good as the Company's. He was particularly interested in artillery
    and established an arsenal in Lahore which produced excellent guns. Within a comparatively few years the Sikh army
    was probably capable of taking on the Bengal Army on equal terms, apart from the stiffening of European troops which
    always seems to have been an encouragement to the sepoys. Fortunately for the British, Runjeet Singh never put matters to the test, and died at the
early age of fifty-two. Even his iron constitution had to yield in the end to the strains he put upon it.</em></p>

<p><em>His death was followed by the usual struggle for power which was bitter, protracted, and bloody. The Sikh army, which
    had frequently resorted to mutiny even under Runjeet Singh, became the main power in the land. The court at Lahore
    was divided against itself, and realized that it could not stand out against the army which was clamouring for war
    with the British. It was therefore decided, according to Sir Henry Lawrence, 'to fling the soldiery upon British
    India, supplying them with every means of success, taking, if unsuccessful, the chance of clemency and forgiveness,
    and, if victorious, the merit and profit of repelling the English from Hindustan'. The Sikh army accordingly crossed
    the River Sutlej on 11 December 1845, and war with the British was inevitable.</em></p>

<p><em>Sita Ram's regiment was stationed at Ferozepore on the Sutlej frontier and formed part of the Division under
    Major-General Littler. Sita Ram was not present at the first battle, Mudki, but seems to have taken part in the
    battles of Ferozeshah and Sobraon which followed, although his regiment was not at Ferozeshah, and he may have been
    reporting the battle from hearsay. A large British force had been collected on the Punjab frontier under the command
    of Sir Hugh Gough, the Commander-in-Chief, with whom the Governor-General, Sir Henry Hardinge, was serving as
    second-in-command. This force, 'The Army of the Sutlej', took some hard knocks from the Sikhs at Mudki and
    Ferozeshah before finally driving them from the field at Sobraon. Gough was a much respected commander, especially
    among the British troops, but he was no tactician; he preferred the bludgeon to the rapier and came near to defeat
    on more than one occasion. He was saved by the superior discipline of his troops, although the sepoy regiments came
    under criticism at Ferozeshah. However, they redeemed themselves at Sobraon where they fought well.</em></p>

<p><em>Sita Ram admired the courage of the Sikhs and the handling of their artillery. He was, however, critical of their
    leadership, and with good reason, for treachery and divided counsel on the part of the Sikh leaders weighted the
    scales against their own forces. The Company's army occupied Lahore on 20 February 1846, and the First Sikh War was
    over. Much to everyone's surprise, including the Sikhs, the British did not annex the Punjab. The frontier was
    advanced from the Sutlej to the Beas incorporating the fertile district of Jullundur in the Company's dominions, and
    a British Resident was established in Lahore. An indemnity of £500,000 was demanded and, since the bankrupt treasury
    of Lahore could not produce this sum, a transaction was entered into with the Dogra Rajah of Jammu, Gulab Singh, who
    had been a feudatory of the Sikhs. The fertile valley of Kashmir was taken from the Sikhs and handed over to the
    Jammu ruler in return for £1,000,000.</em></p>

<p><em>Sita Ram has a lot to say in this chapter about the poor spirit he found in the Bengal Army when he returned from
        his captivity in Afghanistan. All authorities are agreed that there was a significant and progressive
        deterioration in discipline among the Bengal regiments from about 1830 onwards. Some of the cause for this was
        attributed to the abolition of flogging, which was in fact reinstituted in 1845, but probably more was due to
        the loss of prestige suffered by the British as a consequence of the First Afghan War. The war in Sind (1843)
        had also been unpopular, and the sepoys resented having to serve beyond what they considered to be the confines
        of Hindustan without adequate compensation in the form of extra batta, or field allowance. This short-sighted
        cheapening by the Company's financial authorities caused great resentment, and was felt as keenly by the British
        officers as it was by the sepoys they commanded. However, much of the blame for the malaise that was afflicting
        the Bengal Native Army must be laid on the shoulders of the British officers. The young and ambitious among them
        soon tired of regimental duty and found more profitable, or more interesting, employment with the civil
        government. Those who remained at regimental duty, and who wanted to be efficient, found themselves frustrated
        by regulations of every kind and description, and by senior officers who were worn out by the climate and
        waiting for promotion. Colonels of sixty-five, and generals of over seventy, who clung to the regulations and
        seldom if ever went on parade, were completely out of touch with their men. A wishy-washy paternalism took the
        place of the ordered discipline to which the Bengal sepoy had been for so long accustomed. Undue attention to
        the sepoy's susceptibilities, reluctance to punish when punishment was essential, and a failure on the part of
        the Higher Command to support Commanding Officers, began to sap the morale of the Bengal Native Army. It could
        only be a matter of time before discipline collapsed altogether, and that time was fast approaching.</em></p>

<p>After waiting six months the Colonel <em>sahib</em> informed me that the <em>Sirkar</em> would pay my ransom; but, as
    there were no accounts to show how many months' arrears of pay were due to me, or to any others of <em>Shah Shujah's
        Levy</em>, the money could not be given unless I could find some officer of my late regiment to certify how many
    months' pay was due to me at the time of the retreat from Kabul.<a href="#footnote2"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> Since the day on which I joined the remnants of the European regiment at
    Kabul was the last day on which I saw any of my own regiment, I imagined that all the officers must</p>

have been killed. I repeated all the officers' names I could remember to the Colonel <em>sahib</em>, but he was unable
to tell me where a single one of them was. However, I was extremely fortunate to get even my ransom paid, and all this
was due to the Colonel <em>sahib</em>. I should never have succeeded had he not been as a father to me. Although I had
regained my caste, and was made a good deal of by the officers, I was nevertheless regarded with jealousy by the men of
my regiment. I had prevented a <em>naik</em> and a <em>sepoy</em> from being promoted by my return, and I was constantly
taunted with having been circumcized [i.e. being made a Mahommedan], and also with having eaten beef<a href="#footnote3"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> while with the European soldiers in Kabul.</p>

<p>The Government's disasters in Afghanistan had become a common topic of conversation all over India. Many declared
    that the English were not invincible, and this was particularly the case in Delhi. I imagine it was from this time
    that the Mahommedans began to feel that one day they would be able to drive the <em>Sirkar</em> out of the country.
    The <em>sepoys</em> were discontented, for they found they were liable to be sent across the Indus at any time. They
    complained that the <em>Sirkar</em> had not fulfilled the promises made to induce the <em>sepoys</em> to go to
    Afghanistan; and now they had returned without gaining anything, neither promotion nor reward. The Mahommedans
    boasted that they all came originally from Kabul and Persia and could fight the English just as well as the Afghans.
    Several emissaries from the court of the <em>Badshah</em><a href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a>
    at Delhi came into our lines and tried to discover the temper and general feeling of the army. When the
    <em>sepoys</em> pointed out that the <em>Sirkar</em> had easily recaptured Kabul, these people replied that had not
    the foreign army returned so quickly on the onset of the winter, it would have been as easily destroyed as the first
    army had been.</p>

<p>As I have mentioned previously, I was always regarded with some degree of suspicion in my regiment. I was not myself
    spoken to on the subject but I still heard the matter openly discussed. I reported all this to the Quarter-Master
    <em>sahib</em>, who only laughed at me, and I went to the Colonel <em>sahib</em> who listened to me very
    attentively. However, he said he was afraid that I had brought an accusation against the regiment out of

    spite, and he warned me not to talk to him again on such a subject. He considered it was all idle gossip from the
    bazaars. Of course, after this reprimand, I did not report anything again to a <em>sahib</em> as it only got me into
    trouble. After the Kabul war and the campaign in Sind most of the <em>Sirkar</em>'s regiments between Delhi and
    Ferozepore were ripe for mutiny, and it was only the incredible good luck of the <em>Sirkar</em> that prevented a
    general uprising. The <em>sepoys</em> complained that additional field allowances had been promised in order to
    persuade them to go down to Sind, but after they had arrived there they were told that it had been a mistake and had
    never been authorized—although their commanding officers had said they would certainly receive it.

<p>You, my Lord, were in India then, and know that several regiments were in mutiny.<a href="#footnote5"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> In only four or five regiments did this show itself very openly, but
    discontent was deeply seated throughout. Many people expected a general mutiny throughout the army. Mahommedan
    agents were at work in every station and numbers of Afghan, Persian, and other spies, who promised that if the army
    would rise, their countries would join in against the foreigners and wipe out the disgrace they had suffered in
    Kabul when their bazaar was destroyed. They also said they would restore the throne of Hindustan to the Delhi
    <em>Badshah</em>. Every Rajah and Nawab was sounded; if friendly to the scheme, proposals were put forward to them
    to help in getting rid of the English. It is true that many had just cause for complaint. I myself had been promised
    promotion and extra pay, but had obtained neither the one nor the other. The <em>Sirkar</em> had, however, paid my
    ransom, and I was a free man instead of being a slave. The recollection of this was never absent from my mind. The
    year passed without any further signs of disaffection. It was well known in Delhi that during the Afghan War the
    <em>Sirkar</em> itself had been afraid. It had ordered the artillery to fire more than usual that year in order to
    remind the people of Delhi of its power. But the disasters in Kabul went a long way towards showing that the
    <em>Sirkar</em> was not so invincible as had always been supposed. It was certainly not feared as much now as had
    been the case formerly.</p>

<p>Another year passed and then the murmurs of discontent, together with the excitement, subsided. At this time it was
    said that the Sikhs were anxious to try their strength against the Government. Their army was very large, well
    drilled, and was confident of beating the English army. The <em>Sirkar</em> now began to move up regiments to Ambala
    and Ludhiana.<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> We arrived at Ludhiana and remained there for
    some time. I think the English officers imagined the Sikhs would confine themselves to blustering on the far side of
    the river and would never dare to cross it. Large numbers of them were seen on the banks of the Sutlej but none had
    yet crossed. Eventually a party of Sikh horsemen crossed the river at Hurreeputtun<a href="#footnote7"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> and cut up a number of grasscutters, as well as looting some stores
    belonging to the <em>Sirkar</em>. This was the first evidence of their intentions. Nevertheless the British officers
    thought the Sikhs would never invade Hindustan, but more troops were moved up to Ferozepore. Orders soon came for my
    regiment to proceed there, which we did by forced marches in four days.</p>

<p>The <em>Khalsa</em><a href="#footnote8" epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> army had a great name because they had
    been drilled by French <em>sahibs</em><a href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> and had muskets like
    the <em>Sirkar</em>'s army. Their guns were innumerable. Most of the <em>sepoy</em> regiments were afraid of
    fighting the Sikhs, but there were several European regiments in the force and this gave the <em>sepoys</em> more
    confidence. After a few days some horsemen came galloping into Ferozepore with the news that the <em>Khalsa</em>
    army had actually crossed the Sutlej—at least 500,000—and were intending to attack the station. Officers were sent
    to see, and they reported it was true but that their numbers were about 20,000.<a href="#footnote10"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> There were only seven or eight regiments at Ferozepore; however General
    Littler sahib<a href="#footnote11" epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> moved out against</p>
the Sikhs, but to everyone's surprise the Sikh army retired and did not come to Ferozepore. It was said later that they
thought the entire cantonment had been mined, and therefore they wished to fight it out in the plain.

<p>A few days after this we heard heavy firing at some distance from Ferozepore. News came in the evening that a battle
    had been fought. Some said that the Sirkar's army had been defeated and was retreating to our station, while others
    reported that the Sikhs had been worsted and their army routed. There was another rumour that neither army had won
    the day but were occupying the same ground on which the battle had been fought.<a href="#footnote12"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> However, several officers arrived during the evening and it then became
    known that the Sirkar had been victorious and many Sikh guns had been taken. All the troops were ordered from
    Ferozepore to join forthwith with the army.<a href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a> We marched by
    night and went by a circuitous route in order to avoid the Sikhs who were reported to be ready on the road to cut us
    off. Next day, at 12 o'clock, we joined the other large division of the Sirkar's army, but we were in great want of
    water, very tired, and unfit for fighting. Despite this, the order was immediately given to prepare for battle.</p>

<p>Owing to some movement of the Sikhs the fight was delayed until the sun was nearly down and night was closing in on
    us. This was fighting indeed—I had never seen anything like it before!<a href="#footnote14"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> Volleys of

    owing to the treachery of one of the Sikh commanders, Lal Singh, who was in correspondence with the British
    political officer in Ferozepore, Captain John Nicholson (of Mutiny fame).
    musketry were delivered by us at close quarters, and were returned just as steadily by the enemy. In all the
    previous actions in which I had taken part one or two volleys at short range were as much as the <em>Sirkar's</em>
    enemies could stand; but these Sikhs gave volley for volley, and never gave way until nearly decimated. They had
    their infantry placed between, and behind, their artillery, and their fire was terrible, such as no <em>sepoy</em>
    has ever had to endure. The <em>Sirkar's</em> guns were almost silenced and the ammunition wagons exploded. I saw
    two or three European regiments driven back by the weight of artillery fire which rained down on us like a monsoon
    downpour. They fell into confusion, and several <em>sepoy</em> regiments did the same. One European regiment<a
        href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> was annihilated—totally swept away—and I now thought
    the <em>Sirkar's</em> army would be overpowered. Fear filled the minds of many of us.

<p>When it was almost dark a loud shout was heard. This did not sound like the Sikhs, and we next heard the roaring
    noise of cavalry. The 3rd Dragoons rushed right through the enemy's entrenchment and rode over and cut down their
    gunners. This charge was so sudden, and cavalry charging right into artillery batteries so unheard of, that the
    Sikhs in perfect amazement left their guns for a short space. It now became quite dark and the <em>Sirkar's</em>
    army left off fighting, but the Sikhs continued firing whenever they saw a light. The force I was with under General
    Littler <em>sahib</em> lost its way in the darkness. For fear of marching straight into the Sikh camp we were
    ordered to lie down. This night was nearly as bad as some of those in Kabul. We dare not light a fire, for fear of
    the enemy's round shot, there was no water, and we had nothing to eat except the few <em>chapattis</em> some men had
    put in their haversacks. The <em>sahibs</em> said this was real fighting and the Sikhs were noble enemies but they
    nevertheless looked anxious and wondered what the morning would bring forth. The weather was bitterly cold and
    nothing was heard among us but the chattering of teeth on empty stomachs.<a href="#footnote16"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> I remember on this night a <em>sahib</em> from a regiment next to mine
    kept walking up and down singing; he was checked by the other officers but he still continued. The <em>sahib</em>
    was not drunk but was trying to solace himself for the absence of the officers' mess tent.<a href="#footnote17"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> It was a dreadful night. The English had not abandoned the field, nor had
    the Sikhs been driven from their breastworks. It was a drawn game.</p>
<p>When morning dawned the English army got into shape again and we were ordered to storm the Sikh entrenchments. My
    column joined up with the division from which we had become separated the previous night. The Governor-General
    <em>sahib</em> himself rode about the field, speaking to the European soldiers, and telling his
    <em>aides-de-camp</em> to bid us fight like men, and victory was certain. I do not understand how it was, but some
    said that the Governor-General <em>sahib</em> was serving under the command of the Commander-in-Chief.<a
        href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> It was said that the former had been a great general in
    England, and had fought many battles, in one of which he had lost an arm. '<em>Lad Guff</em>' <em>sahib</em> was a
    great favourite with the European soldiers, for whenever he came near a regiment they began cheering him.<a
        href="#footnote19" epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> The Europeans rushed the batteries and the Sikhs fled.
    Then the horse artillery came up quite close and poured grapeshot into the enemy ranks, but the English army was too
    tired and faint from lack of food to be able to pursue the enemy. The Sikhs got to the ford and crossed the river.
    The whole of their camp was captured and 100 guns,<a href="#footnote20" epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a> but
    they had set fire to their tents, and powder was continually exploding. Several men were killed as a result while
    engaged in looting. However, much booty was captured, such as tents lined with silk and shawls, belonging to the
    Sikh <em>sirdars</em>, and arms of every description. Many men were severely burnt while trying to save these tents.
</p>
<p>After this great battle, while the whole of the English army was cooking its food, the bugles sounded the alarm, and
    it was reported that all the Sikh cavalry was coming down on us. The fight began again, but the <em>Sirkar</em>'s
    guns were unable to fire since their guns had expended all their ammunition. The luck of the <em>Sirkar</em> was
    indeed great—<!-- [UNCLEAR] --></p>
without any apparent cause the Sikh army retreated! Everyone was astonished since the Sikhs were all fresh troops. Some
said they suddenly heard that another army of the Sirkar was in the rear, but whatever the reason they fired only a few
rounds and then withdrew. They were not attacked by the English army since they never came within musket range. It was
reckoned that they possessed about 100,000 cavalry, which was quite enough to have surrounded our force and totally
destroy it. Some said that Sirdar Tej Singh was afraid to fight.<a href="#footnote21"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> The sahibs were as surprised as every one else, and the retreat of the Khalsa
gave the sepoys great confidence as they thought the Sikhs dare not fight the Sirkar again.

Our army halted some days, throwing up entrenchments, and waited for the big guns to arrive. An English army was in rear
of the Sikhs, but it must have been a long way off as it did not arrive for ten days or more afterwards. We then heard
that there had been an engagement near Ludhiana and that some of the Sirkar's guns had been captured, and also all the
baggage. Then news came that there had been another battle in which the enemy had been defeated and all the lost baggage
recaptured. This was true.<a href="#footnote22" epub:type="noteref"><sup>22</sup></a></p>

<p>At the beginning of the month [February 1846] all the armies of the Sirkar had been assembled, as well as the siege
    artillery. It was now a very large force, such as had never before been seen in India, but the Sikh army was
    reported to be at least 60,000 strong, with 400 guns. The Sikh army had marched to Sobraon<a href="#footnote23"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>23</sup></a> and had defended the position with
<p>100 guns. The English force moved at night and came upon the enemy's camp early in the morning. It was clear that the
    Sikhs had not learnt of its approach; there was great commotion in their camp and their bugles sounded the alarm.
    The fight was commenced by the artillery and the fire was terrible. One part of the Sikh army was on the other side
    of the river Sutlej, and the other inside British territory, with a bridge of boats across the river. After three
    hours' cannonading orders were given to charge the batteries. If it were possible, the fire on this occasion was
    more severe than at Ferozeshah. Sections of the English army were destroyed by the guns of the <em>Khalsa</em>, but
    it still stood firm. Several European regiments rushed on the guns,<a href="#footnote24"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>24</sup></a> followed by some <em>sepoy</em> regiments. It is well known that the
    <em>sepoys</em> dreaded the Sikhs as they were very strong men,<a href="#footnote25"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>25</sup></a> but in spite of everything their officers led them on. Through the smoke
    the flashing swords and helmets of that wonderful regiment the 3rd Dragoons were again seen<a href="#footnote26"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>26</sup></a>—they charged into the batteries a second time. Never was there such
    fighting in India ever before. At last there was a tremendous shout, which was taken up by the whole of the Sirkar's
    army, that the Sikhs were retreating over their bridge.</p>

<p>Both sides of this bridge were defended with guns, but the enemy dared not fire from the other side of the river for
    fear of killing their own men. They marched down to the bridge in sections and many regiments managed to get across.
    The Sirkar's artillery moved close up and poured in grapeshot at close range, mowing down hundreds. Infantry
    advanced and fired volley after volley. But the Sikhs marched on and seldom now answered the fire. Not one of them
    asked for mercy. Thousands of the Sikhs fell into the river which was very deep. Hundreds
    jumped<!-- [UNCLEAR: fragment of preceding footnote text at top of footnote area: "by Sir Harry Smith as 'a brutal bulldog fight'. It was first a duel of artillery against artillery, and then of infantry against infantry. Gough attacked the Sikh entrenchments frontally and won the day at the cost of nearly 2,500 casualties."] -->
</p>
into the water in order to avoid being carried to the bank where the English forces were lined up. The slaughter was
frightful. I have seen nothing like it. The river was full of masses of struggling men, who clung to each other in their
despair, and who were swept away by the current to rise no more alive.</p>
<p>I narrowly escaped with my life near this bridge. I saw a large round shot bounding straight into the leading files
    of my company and called out to my comrades. However, the cannon ball turned in some fashion and went straight for
    the place where we had opened out in order to avoid it. Five sepoys and one Havildar were swept away. The Havildar
    was thrown many paces by the force of the cannon ball. One of the sepoy's muskets was dashed against my chest and I
    fell down unconscious. When I came to, I found my regiment had moved on. I was unable to move, but by good fortune
    was picked up later by parties sent out to search for the wounded, and was sent to hospital.</p>
<p>The losses of the Sirkar's army in this action must have been very heavy.<a href="#footnote27"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>27</sup></a> One General sahib was killed, and I heard that 100 officers were killed or
    wounded.<a href="#footnote28" epub:type="noteref"><sup>28</sup></a> Everything belonging to the Sikh army was
    captured, and the plunder was very great. Some of our sepoys got as much as 100 Nanukshaee rupees<a
        href="#footnote29" epub:type="noteref"><sup>29</sup></a> from one dead body. If the river had not been so
    swollen, the Sirkar's cavalry would have cut up hundreds of the enemy, as the river was not usually so difficult to
    cross at this time of year.<a href="#footnote30" epub:type="noteref"><sup>30</sup></a> However, the boats from which
    the bridge was made were carried miles downstream when the bridge broke, and all the other boats near at hand had
    been destroyed by fire. More boats were collected after a few days and our army crossed the Sutlej into the
    Punjab.<a href="#footnote31" epub:type="noteref"><sup>31</sup></a></p>
<p>It was always said that the Sikh troops had been drilled by French officers, but all of these had left before the war
    began. They had either refused to fight against the Sirkar, or else the Sikh Sirdars, jealous of their influence,
    had used their influence to have them dismissed. It is certainly true that I never saw any European officers among
    the Sikh troops,
    nor did I ever hear of any being seen.<a href="#footnote32" epub:type="noteref"><sup>32</sup></a> The Sikhs fought
    as no men had ever fought in India before, but it was clear that their leaders did not know how to command an army.
    When they had decided advantages in their favour, they failed to make use of them. Their cavalry never came near any
    battlefield so far as I could make out, and when I was in Lahore I heard many Sikhs loudly proclaim that Sirdar Tej
    Singh was a traitor, and that he well knew, at the time he gave out that an English army was in his rear (after the
    feint attack at Ferozeshah which I have already mentioned), that the said army was miles away.<a href="#footnote33"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>33</sup></a>

<p>I remember, when I was close by the head of the bridge [at Sobraon], seeing an English soldier about to bayonet what
    I thought to be a wounded Sikh. To my surprise, the man begged for mercy, a thing no Sikh had ever been known to do
    during the war, and he also called out in English. The soldier then pulled off the man's turban and jacket, and
    after

<p><em>'. . . a sahib from a regiment next to mine kept walking up and down singing'</em></p>
this I saw him kick the prostrate man and run him through several times with his bayonet. Several other soldiers kicked
the body with great contempt and ran their bayonets through it. I was told later that this was a deserter from some
European regiment who had been fighting for the Sikhs against his comrades.</p>
<p>The <em>Sirkar</em>'s army marched on Lahore a few days later and the whole of the Punjab lay at the feet of the
    mighty <em>Company Bahadur</em>, whose power none could withstand, and against whom it was useless to resist. All
    this happened towards the end of February 1846. The <em>Sirdars</em> had a meeting with the Governor-General
    <em>Sahib</em>, Lahore was occupied by an English force, and the pride of the mighty <em>Khalsa</em> was trampled in
    the dust. Large numbers of the Sikh army came to lay down their arms and it was curious to see these men. They
    freely admitted that they had been defeated by the <em>Sirkar</em>, but they said their time would come another day.
    It was general opinion in the Punjab that the English would take possession of it, as had been the case elsewhere in
    Hindustan. However a treaty was made, by which Rajah Lal Singh became the chief minister, and the country of Kashmir
    was sold to Maharajah Gulab Singh.<a href="#footnote34" epub:type="noteref"><sup>34</sup></a> The <em>Sirkar</em>
    then retired over the river to its own territories, leaving the Punjab to itself and its interminable disputes.</p>

<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">1. The Mutiny of the Bengal Native Army in 1857 is described by certain
    Indian historians as the 'First War of Liberation'. The accuracy of this is disputed by other Indian historians,
    notably Kushwant Singh, but it contains an element of truth. Although the mutineers may have failed in their efforts
    to inspire a general uprising, it is probably true to say that they had the sympathy of a great many of their
    fellow-countrymen.</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
    2. Sita Ram's complaint will have a familiar ring for those readers who have ever come into contact with the
    Military Accounts Department.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
    3. The cow is of course a sacred animal for all Hindus. Sita Ram, as a Brahmin, would have been a strict vegetarian,
    and would probably have starved rather than eat meat of any kind.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
    4. <em>Badshah</em>: The Mughul emperor in Delhi. At this time he was Bahadur Shah, the last of the Mughuls, who
    ended his days in Rangoon where he was exiled after the Mutiny. The British after 1805 had continued the process
    begun by the Mahrattas and had stripped the Mughul emperor of all power. He was permitted to reside in the palace
    within the Red Fort in Delhi but exercised no influence. Alexander Burnes visited the court in 1831, and wrote: 'The
    mummery of the ceremony was absurd, and I could not suppress a smile as the officers mouthed in loud and sonorous
    solemnity, the titles of king of the world, the ruler of the earth, to a monarch now realmess and a prince without
    the shadow of power.'
</aside>

<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
    5. Much of this discontent sprang from the events in Afghanistan, but as much, or more, was due to the
    <em>sepoys</em>' dislike for service in Sind, where the climate was abominable and the inhabitants treacherous.
    Moreover <em>batta</em>, or full field allowance, was not issued for service in Sind, although service there was as
    foreign for the Hindustani <em>sepoy</em> as Afghanistan. Nearly 300 men from the 4th and 69th BNI applied for their
    discharge rather than march to Sind, and, surprisingly, obtained it. The 34th BNI mutinied when ordered to Sind in
    1844. The 64th BNI, already disaffected, was sent to Sind in the 34th's place, entirely as a result of the
    representations of its Commanding Officer. It mutinied on arrival at Sukkur, and its Commanding Officer was
    cashiered for misleading the authorities as to the state of his battalion. There was a deep-seated malaise in the
    Bengal Native Army, marked by the trebli ng of courts martial in the last twenty years, and flogging was
    reintroduced as a counter-measure.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">6. Up to 1838 the troops on the frontier amounted to one regiment at Sabathu
    (Simla Hills) and two at Ludhiana, with six pieces of artillery. Lord Auckland increased the strength at Ludhiana
    and created a new garrison at Ferozepore. Lord Ellenborough formed further new stations at Ambala, Kasauli, and
    Simla, but closed Karnal. The frontier garrisons had therefore been increased from 2,500 to around 40,000 by the
    time the Sikh Wars took place.</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">7. I have been unable to locate this village on the map.</aside>

<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">8. Khalsa means literally, the saved, liberated, or chosen. Guru Gobind Singh
    (the tenth guru) assembled his followers and told them a new faith had been declared, and henceforth the Khalsa
    should alone prevail. The Sikhs therefore called themselves the Khalsa, or the chosen people, and Sita Ram always
    calls them Khalsaji, and never Sikhs, in his manuscript.</aside>

<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">9. Notably Messieurs Allard and Court, but there were lesser fry as well as
    Spaniards, British, Italians, and at least one American.</aside>

<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">10. The Sikh army consisted of about 50,000 men, but by no means all were
    Sikhs. Sikh feudatories, such as the Dogra Maharajah Gulab Singh of Jammu, supplied contingents to the Khalsa army.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">11. Major-General Sir John Littler commanded the Ferozepore garrison. The
    Sikhs crossed the Sutlej on 11 December 1845. Part of their army threatened the isolated garrison in Ferozepore,
    which numbered no more than 7,000, but did not attack, supposedly <!-- [UNCLEAR] --></aside>


<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
    12. The battle of Mudki, 18 December 1845. It was known as 'Midnight Mudki' because the fighting continued far into
    the night. The Sikhs were defeated but at considerable cost. Among those killed was Major-General Sir Robert Sale
    whom we have met previously at Ghazni and Jellalabad. HM 3rd Light Dragoons (later 3rd The King's Own Hussars, and
    today, after amalgamation with the 7th Hussars, The Queen's Own Hussars) greatly distinguished themselves by their
    charges at Mudki. They were nicknamed the 'Moodki-Wallahs' in the British Army, but the Sikhs called them the
    'Devil's Children' because they came upon them 'like a flash of lightning'.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
    13. The force concentrated against the Sikhs was called the 'Army of the Sutlej'.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
    14. The Battle of Ferozeshah, or more correctly P'heerrooshuhur<!-- [UNCLEAR] -->, fought on 21 and 22 December
    1845, has been described as 'certainly the hardest fought-out of the battles engaged in by the British in India'.
    The Sikhs lost 73 guns, and between two and three thousand killed. British casualties were 2,877, of whom 720 were
    killed. The British assault did not begin until an hour before sunset and the Sikh resistance took everyone by
    surprise—not least the Commander-in-Chief, Gough, and the Governor-General, Hardinge, who was present in a
    supernumerary capacity. 'The resistance met was wholly unexpected. . . . Guns were dismounted, and their ammunition
    was blown into the air; squadrons were checked in mid-career; battalion after battalion was hurled back with
    shattered ranks; and it was not until after sunset that portions of the enemy's position were finally carried.'
    (History of the Sikhs by J. D. Cunningham, Oxford University Press.) HM 3rd Dragoons again distinguished themselves
    but with a loss of 148 men and 197 horses. They lost half their strength at Mudki and Ferozeshah.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">15. HM 62nd Regiment (later 1st Battalion The Wiltshire Regiment, and now
    the Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment) lost 260 men in ten minutes.</aside>
<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">16. For those who have not experienced one, the cold of a Punjab night
    during the winter months is hard to imagine. I well recall my first night on manoeuvres shortly after I joined my
    regiment in India as a Second Lieutenant in 1938. It was near Multan, not all that far from Ferozeshah, and I have
    never been so cold, before or since. The warm, sunny days of the northern Indian winter seem to accentuate the cold
    at night.</aside>
<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">17. Sita Ram may be right, but it would seem more likely that he was
    whistling in the dark to keep up his spirits!</aside>


<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
    18. Field-Marshal Sir Henry (later First Viscount) Hardinge (1785–1856) succeeded his brother-in-law, Lord
    Ellenborough, as Governor-General in 1844. He had served throughout the Peninsular War and was Wellington's
    representative at Marshal Blucher's headquarters during the Waterloo campaign, losing his left hand at Ligny. He
    became an MP and was Secretary at War from 1828–30, and again from 1841 to 44. He was present at some of the battles
    of the Sikh War, waiving his right to command in the field, and serving as second-in-command to Lord Gough. However,
    at Ferozeshah, he temporarily asserted his civil rank to restrain Gough from attacking until Littler's division had
    arrived from Ferozepore. He was created Viscount Hardinge of Lahore after the Sikh War, and later succeeded
    Wellington as Commander-in-Chief at the Horse Guards.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
    19. Field-Marshal Sir Hugh (later First Viscount) Gough (1779–1869) was of Anglo-Irish stock. He was adjutant of an
    infantry battalion at the age of 15 and commanded the 87th Foot at Talavera in 1809. He held the chief command in
    the China War (1841–42) and was appointed Commander-in-Chief in India in 1843 at the age of 64. Gough was not a
    scientific soldier and his head-on tactics cost many lives, but he was immensely popular with British soldiers. His
    own bravery, emphasized by the white coat he invariably wore in action, which made him an obvious target, made them
    forgive his many obvious blunders. He had a fine presence and was the soul of Chivalry. It is said that he commanded
    in more general actions than any other British soldier in the nineteenth century.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
    20. 73 guns were captured.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
    21. 'On that memorable night,' writes Cunningham, of Ferozeshah' 'the English were hardly masters of the ground on
    which they stood, while the enemy had fallen back on a second army, and could renew the fight with increased
    numbers.' Gough considered falling back on Ferozepore, but was overruled by Hardinge. On the morning of 22 December,
    the Sikhs were driven from their entrenchments, but later in the day a fresh Sikh army appeared on the battlefield.
    This force was commanded by Tej Singh, whose troops were clamouring for a fight, but he was more concerned that the
    other wing of the Sikh army under Lal Singh should be defeated than the Punjab should be freed from the foreigners.
    He merely skirmished with the British and then left the field, leaving his subordinates without orders. The British
    won at Ferozeshah more by default on the part of the Sikh leaders than by any skill on the part of Gough.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote22" epub:type="footnote">
    22. A subsidiary force under Major-General Sir Harry Smith was operating against Ranjor Singh who was threatening
    the important garrison town of Ludhiana. Smith relieved Ludhiana but lost his baggage train during a running fight
    with the Sikhs at Badowal on 21 January 1846. He later came up with the Sikhs at Aliwal on 28 January and won a
    resounding victory, driving Ranjor Singh back across the Sutlej, capturing all his artillery, and recovering most of
    the lost baggage. Smith described this action as 'a stand-up gentlemanlike battle', and HM 16th Lancers
    distinguished themselves by their charges which broke the Sikh squares. However, the 16th did not recover their
    baggage, losing all their mess silver, but Aliwal remains their most-cherished battle honour.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote23" epub:type="footnote">
    23. The Battle of Sobraon, 10 February 1846, takes its name from two small villages called Subrauh on the south bank
    of the river Sutlej. The battle was described <!-- [UNCLEAR] -->
</aside>


<aside id="footnote24" epub:type="footnote">
    24. HM 10th Foot (later Royal Lincolnshire Regiment) and 53rd Foot (later King's Shropshire Light Infantry) lost
    heavily, but greatly distinguished themselves; and so did the Company's Bengal European Regiment (later 101st Royal
    Munster Fusiliers) whose reputation is second to none in the history of British India.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote25" epub:type="footnote">
    25. The Sikhs are big men compared with the average Indian. Conspicuous by their beards and turbans, their diet of
    wheaten bread, buttermilk, and meat gives them a splendid physique. They made the <em>sepoys</em> from Oudh look
    like pygmies. I have never seen such a splendid-looking body of men as the soldiers of the Sikh Regiment paraded at
    Meerut to receive their Colours from the President of India in March, 1968.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote26" epub:type="footnote">
    26. Two squadrons of the 3rd Light Dragoons, followed by the 4th and 5th Bengal Native Cavalry, were led into the
    enemy position by the cavalry commander (Major-General Thackwell). The Sikh guns were so sunk in sand that the
    gunners could not depress their muzzles sufficiently and their fire went mostly over the cavalry's heads, and they
    drove the Sikhs from their guns. The 3rd Light Dragoons lost 289 men and 364 horses in the First Sikh War, and
    Fortescue wrote of them that 'few regiments of horse in the world can show a finer record of hardihood and
    endurance'.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote27" epub:type="footnote">
    27. The British losses at Sobraon were 320 killed and 2,063 wounded, of whom a considerable number died later.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote28" epub:type="footnote">
    28. Major-General Sir Robert Dick (1785?–1846) was killed at the head of his Division.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote29" epub:type="footnote">
    29. These were rupees coined by the Sikhs and worth rather more than the Company's.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote30" epub:type="footnote">
    30. The Sutlej would normally have been low at this time of year, but rose seven feet on the day of the battle. This
    was thought by the sepoys to be the favour of God towards the British.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote31" epub:type="footnote">
    31. The battle of Sobraon effectively ended the First Sikh War. The Khalsa was humbled, its powerful artillery
    captured, and its army dispersed. It would have saved much blood and treasure if the Company had annexed the Punjab
    after Sobraon, but Hardinge did not recommend this.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote32" epub:type="footnote">
    32. The Spaniard, Hurbon, and the Frenchman, Moulton, were at Sobraon, and there almost certainly were other
    Europeans fighting for the Sikhs, but they had little or no influence.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote33" epub:type="footnote">
    33. The Sikh leaders were at loggerheads among themselves, each seeking to improve his own position among the Sikhs.
    Tej Singh, the Commander-in-Chief, was probably a self-seeker, as was Lal Singh, the wazir, or chief minister.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote34" epub:type="footnote">
    34. Lal Singh benefited temporarily from his double-dealing, but he had little prospect of retaining power unless
    the British garrison remained in Lahore to bolster his authority. Since the Lahore treasury could not pay more than
    a third of the indemnity demanded by the British, the Sikh territory in Kashmir was sold to Maharajah Gulab Singh of
    Jammu, who was a Dogra, not a Sikh, for one million pounds.
</aside>