<h1>The Retreat from Kabul: January 1842</h1>
<p><em>
    Conditions in Afghanistan throughout 1840 and for the first half of 1841, although hardly justifying the optimistic
    forecasts of Sir William Macnaghten, the British Envoy, were at least comparatively peaceful. It is true that the
    peace only existed where there were British bayonets to enforce it, but there were more successes than failures.
    Dost
    Mahommed, after skirmishing with the British at Parwandara in November 1840, surrendered to Macnaghten and was sent
    to
    Calcutta in exile. His son, Akbar Khan, remained in the field, but Shah Shujah's star was in the ascendant.
  </em>
</p>

<p><em>
    Unfortunately for the British, who had staked everything on Shah Shujah, the Shah had learned nothing from his long
    years in exile. He offended those Afghan chiefs who might have sided with him by his arrogance and conceit. He
    irritated the British by his refusal to allow them to occupy the Balar Hissar, by far the best defended place in
    Kabul, and by his choice of some of the worst rogues in Afghanistan for his ministers. But Sir William Macnaghten, a
    self-opinionated man who had staked his career on seeing the Afghan affair through to a successful conclusion, was
    quite myopic where Shah Shujah was concerned. Not only was he incapable of understanding that the Afghans preferred
    Dost Mahommed to Shah Shujah, but he also fiercely resented any suggestion that his (Macnaghten's) views might be
    wrong.</em></p>

<p><em>This brought him into conflict with Sir Alexander Burnes, his talented but under-employed assistant in Kabul.
    Burnes
    had made a name for himself while still a subaltern by his travels to Bokhara, in the course of which he had visited
    Kabul and met Dost Mahommed, but had been unimpressed by Shah Shujah whom he had met in exile in India. Later Burnes
    had headed a mission to Kabul with the object of countering supposed Russian designs on Afghanistan, and his
    acquaintance with Dost Mahommed had ripened into friendship. Burnes had done his best to persuade Lord Auckland, the
    Governor-General, to support Dost Mahommed, but had been overruled by Macnaghten who favoured the cause of Shah
    Shujah. Although Burnes had accompanied the 'Army of the Indus' to Kabul as a political officer, performing some
    good
    work in Baluchistan on the way, he was almost persona non grata with Macnaghten. He had little to do in Kabul apart
    from giving Macnaghten advice which was ignored, and amusing himself.</em></p>

<p><em>Conditions were deteriorating fast by the late summer of 1841. Burnes could see this, and so did many other
    political
    officers, but Macnaghten remained a prisoner of his own preconceived ideas. He had managed to maintain a precarious
    peace by a combination of force and bribery but the East India Company, alarmed at the cost of the occupation,
    ordered
    a cut in expenditure. Lord Auckland instructed Macnaghten to economize, and this resulted in a withdrawal of
    subsidies
    to the Ghilzais, the tribe which controlled the passes leading to India. Macnaghten protested, but had to carry out
    his instructions, and the Ghilzais rose in revolt. This uprising more or less coincided with the news of
    Macnaghten's appointment to be Governor of Bombay, and it was anticipated that Burnes would succeed him
    as British Envoy in Kabul.</em></p>

<p><em>However, on 2 November 1841, the mob rose in Kabul. They attacked the house of Sir Alexander Burnes and murdered
    him,
    his brother, and another British officer. They massacred his sepoy guard. They hated Burnes because they believed
    (mistakenly) that he was responsible for the invasion of their country, and also on account of his reputed amours
    with
    Afghan ladies. Throughout this commotion in the city, which involved the sacking of the treasury, no troops were
    moved
    from the cantonment, barely two miles away. Thus encouraged, the rebellion gathered momentum, the tribes came
    sweeping
    in from the mountains, and within a matter of days the British had lost control of the situation.</em></p>

<p><em>Macnaghten can hardly be blamed for this. He had the most feeble of military advisers. Major-General Sir
    Willoughby
    Cotton had returned to India at the end of 1840. He was relieved by Major-General William Elphinstone, a veteran of
    Waterloo, who had spent much of the intervening period on half-pay. He was well-connected but a martyr to gout. He
    was
    also prematurely senile. Even Lord Auckland, who knew him as a personal friend, was surprised when he accepted the
    Kabul command. Nott, who was commanding at Kandahar, would have been a better choice, but Nott was a bad diplomat
    who
    rubbed people up the wrong way. Elphinstone was therefore chosen. His Brigadier was a one-armed Peninsular War
    veteran
    called Shelton who arrived in Kabul with his regiment, the 44th Foot. Shelton was efficient but unpopular. His
    regiment was exhausted after a tiring campaign in the Arakan. Neither he nor the regiment were well suited for the
    trials that lay ahead.</em></p>

<p><em>Elphinstone found it hard to make up his mind. Shelton was not prepared to do so for him. Neither of them was
    prepared to fight it out with the Afghans. Attempts to concentrate the garrisons from Kandahar and Ghazni in Kabul
    failed, Macnaghten was murdered, and retreat to India was decided upon. The intense cold of the Afghan winter had
    reduced the fighting value of the Bengal sepoys to nil. The cantonment in Kabul was virtually indefensible, covering
    too large an area and lacking in proper fortifications. Supplies were short, the Afghans were in considerable
    strength, and the army was encumbered by large numbers of dependants and followers. Nevertheless good leadership
    would
    have helped to overcome many of the obvious difficulties, but leadership was lacking. Too much faith was placed in
    the
    promises of the Afghan chiefs to furnish safe conduct to India. They either had no control over their tribesmen or
    did
    not choose to exert any. The British army marched out of Kabul on 6 January 1842, rather less than 5,000 strong,
    accompanied by approximately 15,000 non-combatants. By 13 January all but one, Dr Brydon, were either killed or
    captured. It was a staggering disaster from which the old Bengal Native Army never really recovered.</em></p>

<p><em>Sita Ram tells the story as he saw it. He found it hard to believe that the omnipotent Sirkar could be so foolish
    as to place any faith in Afghan promises, but even harder to witness the disintegration of the army in which he
    served. He was luckier than many of his unfortunate sepoy comrades who died in the snow. He was taken prisoner and
    sold as a slave in Kabul to an Afghan merchant.</em></p>

<p>The English raised some Afghan regiments<a href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> and the Afghans
  enlisted because they had heard that pay was issued regularly. One of the captains of our (the Shah's) force was made
  commander of a regiment. The Amir Dost Mahommed was known to have gone towards Bokhara and it was said that he had
  been made a prisoner there; but after a while we heard that he had escaped and was advancing with an army to fight the
  English. A force from our army was sent to attack him, and they fought a battle at a town called Saighan,<a
    href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> in which the newly-raised Afghan regiment refused to
  participate, and even threatened to kill their officers if they compelled the soldiers to fight. In spite of this,
  however, the English defeated the Amir, and he escaped for a second time. Nearly all his followers dispersed and only
  a few remained with him. The English were occasionally defeated in some small engagements which took place after this,
  but Dost Mahommed gained no decided advantage. More of the Sirkar's troops now arrived in Kabul, and to the Afghans'
  surprise, as well as the English, Dost Mahommed came to Kabul, accompanied by his favourite son, and surrendered. The
  Sirkar sent him to Hindustan and confined him at Calcutta.</p>

<p>There were great rejoicings at Shah Shujah's court because all his enemies had been removed but who can govern a
  people when the ruler is hated? The Afghans believed that Dost Mohammed would be killed as a result of Shah Shujah's
  influence and that the English had taken him to Hindustan to be executed because they were afraid of executing him in
  Kabul. When those <em>Sirdars</em> who hated Shah Shujah heard this they feared that they too would be seized and
  exiled, and they therefore worked themselves up into a great state of excitement. These chiefs worked upon the
  feelings of the hill tribes, convincing them that they would all be made subject to the English. Several small
  rebellions broke out, but they were soon put down. The Afghans dreaded the deadly volleys of the 'red coats'.</p>

<p>About two years after the English first came to Kabul a rebellion broke out in the city itself. At the beginning only
  a few discontented Afghans were involved but they surrounded the house of Burnes <em>sahib</em>, the political
  officer, and set it on fire. As Burnes was escaping through the garden by a small door, he was cut down by his Afghan
  servant.<a href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> Two or three other English officers were also
  killed.<a href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> Once the report got around that Burnes <em>sahib</em>
  had been murdered the mob joined in the rioting and fighting took place all over the city. The outburst was so sudden
  that our officers were taken by surprise. Some of them lived in the city, and others near the king's garden, two miles
  away.<a href="#footnote5" epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> However the English still held their own, but every day
  tribes came to join in the rebellion, and treachery showed itself in the Shah's court.</p>

<p>Now came misfortune and calamity upon the English. All their stores were looted or burnt by the enemy and the spirits
  of the army were much depressed. The cold was so intense that it rendered the <em>sepoy</em> portion of the army next
  to useless. It was soon rumoured that Akbar Khan, son of Dost Mohammed, had arrived with many troops and that he
  commanded in person. There was fighting every day, and because there was no good food for the European soldiers, they
  lost spirit and did not fight as well as they used to do.<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a>
  There were enemies on all sides. Numerous attempts were made to drive the enemy from their positions.
  These sometimes were successful but they were always attended by great loss to the English. My regiment was engaged at
  the
  battle of Behmeru<a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> in which it was driven back with great loss
  and behaved in a most cowardly fashion. The <em>sepoys</em> were not accustomed to fighting and they regretted having
  come to Afghanistan. We were annoyed day and night in the cantonment by cannon fire. The enemy seemed to increase by
  thousands and their long matchlocks outranged our muskets. Although they would never withstand a regular charge, so
  long
  as they could find cover behind walls, houses, etc., their fire was very distressing. We repeatedly drove the Afghans
  from the hills round Kabul but they re-occupied them in even greater strength as soon as we withdrew. The Afghans wore
  sheepskin coats, called <em>nimchees</em> or <em>poshteens</em>, and these often turned sword cuts and even musket
  balls. The general opinion was that some of them were invulnerable, and especially a tribe called Bedouranis. On one
  occasion I saw a party of their horsemen approach within twenty paces of a ravine where a regiment of ours was
  concealed. The officers made their men reserve their fire and then the whole regiment sprang up and opened fire.
  However, not more than three or four horses went away without riders. This dispirited the <em>sepoy</em> army very
  much
  and, as the cold increased, we became helpless. Men lost the use of their fingers and toes which fell off after great
  suffering. The whole English army was in a miserable plight, since the men were worn out by continual fighting, guard
  duties, and bad food.</p>

<p>Our army was in two places,<a href="#footnote8" epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> as I have said, which much
  weakened its strength. The enemy had possession of the King's garden, and from it were able to annoy us very much.<a
    href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> Several attempts were made to recapture this garden but
  without success. The only result was great loss of men which we could ill afford. Orders were sent to Ghazni and
  Kandahar to hurry forward all the Shah's and the Sirkar's forces, but the messengers were probably murdered. After a
  while a Gurkha force, which was commanded by a <em>sahib</em>, tried to join us but it was cut to pieces and only two
  officers managed to escape to Kabul.<a href="#footnote10" epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> This misfortune made
  matters worse and we began to think this would be the fate of all the <em>Sirkar's</em> soldiers in Afghanistan. </p>

<p>At this time a circumstance occurred which I have never seen or heard of before. The <em>Sirdars</em> sent in
  messages dictating terms to the <em>Sirkar's</em> army. They stated that the English army was in their power and that
  they could completely destroy it whenever they thought fit. However, they would spare it on condition that it left
  Afghanistan forthwith. I saw many <em>sahibs</em> shed tears of vexation when this became known and they blamed their
  generals and leaders for their humiliation. They said their leaders were too old and virtually useless. Fighting
  ceased for a few days, during which period the enemy sent more agents into our camp. All kinds of rumours were being
  spread. Some said an immediate retreat would be carried out, or that the entire army would lay down its arms. Others
  said that the army would still fight. Nothing of good seemed to come from these negotiations, and worse fighting than
  ever began again.</p>

<p>Then at last the <em>burra sahib</em>,<a href="#footnote11" epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> 'Macnaten', sent to
  say he would agree to the terms offered, and the Amir Akbar Khan himself came to a meeting. It was soon known that the
  <em>Lad sahib</em><a href="#footnote12" epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> and the general had agreed to give up
  hostages. In two or three days after this the army left the Bala Hissar, and all came into the cantonment. This was
  done without any opposition being offered. Now was the time when the extraordinary courage of the officers' ladies
  came forth. They were all against giving up hostages and when, their advice not being heeded, these were given, all
  those <em>sahibs</em> who had wives were followed by them into captivity. The <em>Sirdars</em> promised provisions and
  carriage for our army but it never was forthcoming. The force remained some time longer in a wretched condition but it
  was not molested during this period by the Afghans other than to prevent provisions from entering our camp. The price
  of food was perfectly absurd and everyone endured great hardship; more particularly the Europeans, for all they could
  get was
  dried fruit and parched corn.<a href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a>
</p>

<p>One day, when the <em>burra sahib</em> and his ADC were at a meeting with the <em>Sirdars</em>, we received a report
  that 'Macnaten' sahib had been killed by Akbar Khan's own hand.<a href="#footnote14"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> Soon the shouts of the people were heard like the noise of the wind before a
  storm, and there was firing into our camp. The news of the <em>Lad sahib's</em> death was correct. Both the senior
  political officers<a href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> had now been murdered. The <em>General
    sahib</em> was going to take vengeance on the city, but the officers represented that their men were too weak to
  take the offensive. Nevertheless it would have been better to have died fighting than massacred in the retreat which
  followed. Wisdom seemed to have departed from everyone. The usual energy of the English officers had vanished. They
  had suffered such severe trials that their spirits had been depressed by misfortune. There were rumours that <em>Shah
    Shujah</em> had joined the <em>Sirdars</em> against the English; now that things were going so badly, he was afraid
  of being thought their friend.<a href="#footnote16" epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a>
  The retreat of our army, in the middle of the winter and with the snow four feet deep, now began.<a href="#footnote17"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> There was no interference by the Afghans during the first day's march out of
  Kabul, and the second day passed quietly. But on the third day the
  camp followers and the baggage crowded up with the marching troops and threw everything into confusion. When the
  Afghans saw this they began to harass us by day and by night. They fired into us from the hills and we were as
  helpless as a handcuffed prisoner. Akbar Khan himself was following us. When we complained of this treachery, he swore
  that it was happening against his will, and that he could not control the <em>Ghilzais</em>. He demanded more officers
  be given up as hostages. I do not know why this was agreed, apart from the fact that sense had left the brains of
  everyone, as I have already said. Once the enemy had the officers in their power, our army was deprived of leaders.
  Every <em>sahib</em> taken away was as bad as two hundred men lost. At last the Afghans said they would only protect
  the English army on condition that the General was given up. To everyone's amazement, he agreed to go, but with the
  example of Burnes and 'Macnaten' before him, what could he expect?<a href="#footnote18"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a></p>

<p>When the General <em>sahib</em> left all discipline fell away. As a result the Afghans were able to annoy us the more
  and cut off more men than ever. A number of <em>sepoys</em> and followers went over to the enemy in an effort to save
  their lives. My regiment had disappeared and I attached myself to the remnants of a European regiment.<a
    href="#footnote19" epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> I thought that by sticking to them I might have some chance
  of getting away from that detestable country. But alas! alas! Who can withstand fate? We went on fighting and losing
  men at every step of the road. We were attacked in front, in the rear, and from the tops of hills. In truth it was
  hell itself. I cannot describe the horrors. At last we came upon a high wall of stones that blocked the road; in
  trying to force this, our whole party
  was destroyed.<a href="#footnote20" epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a> The men fought like gods, not men, but
  numbers
  prevailed against them. </p>

<p> I was struck down by a <em>jezail</em> ball on the side of my head. After this I knew nothing until I found myself
  tied
  crossways upon a horse which was being led rapidly away from the fighting towards Kabul. I now learned that I was
  being
  taken there to be sold as a slave. I begged to be shot, or have my throat cut, and abused the Afghans in
  <em>Pushtu</em>
  and in my own language. Many a knife shook in its sheath, but my captor could not prevent me speaking, and as the fear
  of death had no effect on me he threatened to make me a Moslem on the spot if I did not keep quiet.<a
    href="#footnote21" epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a></p>
<p>What dreadful carnage I saw along the road—legs and arms protruding from the snow, Europeans and Hindustanis half
  buried, horses and camels all dead! It was a sight I shall never forget as long as I live. My captor, seeing that I
  desired death above anything else, became more merciful. I was taken from the horse and tied in a camel pannier. This,
  bad as it was, was better than hanging downwards from a pony. The Afghan rubbed my wound with snow which took away the
  pain; the ball had only ploughed up the skin where it had grazed my skull. In four or five days we reached Kabul where
  I was clothed in Afghan garments and sold in the market place as a slave. Rich Afghans valued Hindustanis as servants
  and employed many of them. I was a fine-looking, strong man, and I fetched 240 rupees. One Osman Beg purchased me. At
  the same time as I was sold, there were several other <em>sepoys</em>, and also a few Europeans for sale. The latter
  were intended to be used as instructors for the Afghan Army, and since they were supplied with some skins of Shiraz
  wine, they did not appear to lament their fate as we did.</p>

<p>I saw one <em>sahib</em> among the Europeans; he belonged to the Company Bahadur's army. He spoke to me and said that
  the Sirkar would send a large army and re-conquer the country; if our lives were spared we should all be rescued. I
  think he said his name was Wallan.<a href="#footnote22" epub:type="noteref"><sup>22</sup></a> I have forgotten now if
  I name him rightly but his words gave me some comfort. I was not treated unkindly by my new master, but the threat was
  held over me that if I did not obey, or tried to escape, I should be made a eunuch and sold for a large sum to attend
  some harem. I would have killed myself during my captivity had I not felt certain that the words of Wallan
  <em>sahib</em> would come true, and that it would not be long before I would be able to
  escape. I was put under a Maulvi <a href="#footnote23" epub:type="noteref"><sup>23</sup></a> Mahommed Sufi, who at
  first did nothing but revile me, calling me an idolator, but when he saw that I took pains to learn his accursed
  language, he changed his tune and tried every persuasion to make me become a Mahommedan.<a href="#footnote24"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>24</sup></a>
</p>

<p>I did not become a Mahommedan but strove to bear up against my hard fate. At first I was principally employed
  preparing my master's tobacco, and was thankful that I did not have more degrading work to perform. However, when it
  became known that I could keep accounts, Osman Beg entrusted me with the keeping of his, and from this circumstance I
  became of more importance to his family.</p>



<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">1. These Afghan irregular regiments were known as 'Jan-Baz' or Jezailchis and
  were most unreliable.</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">2. Sita Ram seems to be referring to the Battle of Parwandara, 2 November
  1840. Dost Mohammed, having escaped from Bokhara, raised the flag of revolt in Kohistan in August 1840. Sale was sent
  out to deal with him and after some inconclusive skirmishing came up with him at Parwandara. Sale had with him Dr Lord
  as political officer. On encountering the enemy, the cavalry (two squadrons of the 2nd Bengal Light Cavalry) was
  ordered to charge. They changed from a trot to a walk and then halted to watch their British officers charge the enemy
  unsupported. The troopers then cantered off the field. Dr Lord and two British officers were killed. The regiment was
  later disbanded in disgrace. Dost Mahommed was in the forefront of the battle, waving on his men with turban in hand,
  and can probably claim to have won the day. There was much gloom afterwards in Kabul, and this made it all the more
  astonishing that Dost Mahommed should have decided to surrender. 48 hours after the battle, he rode into Kabul,
  accosted Macnaghten who was returning from his evening ride, and gave himself up. Shah Shujah refused to meet him, but
  Macnaghten treated him well and sent him to Calcutta in exile. Dost Mahommed charmed everyone he met and was a great
  favourite with the British.</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
  3. Sir Alexander Burnes (1805–1841). Soldier, diplomat, traveller, and writer. Murdered in Kabul, 2 November 1841.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
  4. Burnes' brother, Charles, a subaltern in the Bombay Army, was murdered with him, and also William Broadfoot.
  Broadfoot's brother had been killed exactly a year previously at Parwandara when the 2nd Bengal Cavalry refused to
  charge.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
  5. The cantonments.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
  6. The British regiment in Kabul was HM 44th Foot (later the Essex Regiment). They had suffered severely from sickness
  in the Arakan before coming to Afghanistan and their morale was poor. Brigadier Shelton, who had been their Commanding
  Officer, was a brave soldier, but a martinet. He was a bad co-operator and disagreed violently with Major-General
  Elphinstone, the commander in Kabul, and Macnaghten, the British Envoy. Both he and the 44th behaved well during the
  retreat, but indifferently during the siege of the cantonments.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
  7. Behmeru was a village in the hills overlooking the cantonment. There were two skirmishes there, on 22 and 23
  November 1841. On neither occasion did the troops distinguish themselves.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
  8. Sita Ram presumably refers to the fact that the Kabul garrison was divided between guarding Shah Shujah in the Bala
  Hissar and defending the cantonment about two miles away. He could however be referring to the two regiments (HM 13th
  Foot and 35th BNI) which had left for Jellalabad under Sale during October. They were subsequently besieged in
  Jellalabad.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
  9. The outskirts of Kabul were covered with orchards and gardens, among which the King's garden was the largest. It
  was situated a few hundred yards from the north-west corner of the cantonment and provided ample cover for the Afghan
  riflemen. Only half-hearted efforts were made to re-take it.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">
  10. The 4th (Gurkha) Regiment of Shah Shujah's Levy was garrisoning Charikar, the chief town in Kohistan. Its
  communications with Kabul were cut on 1 November. Lieutenant Rattray, the assistant political agent, was treacherously
  murdered on 3 November, and the fort was then besieged. On 13 November, the water supply having failed, the force
  withdrew. Only Major Pottinger and Ensign Haughton, both wounded, and one Gurkha, succeeded in reaching Kabul. Those
  who were not killed were enslaved. All the wounded, as well as the families of the Gurkhas, were massacred.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
  11 and 12. Burra sahib: big, or important, sahib. Sita Ram often uses this expression to mean political officer but
  here he is referring to Macnaghten, as in Lad Sahib below. It must be said, in fairness to Macnaghten, that at first
  he was strongly opposed to accepting the conditions laid down by the Afghan chiefs. He would have preferred to fight
  it out, or withdraw into the Bala Hissar. In this he was supported by Shah Shujah. When the latter heard that the
  British had accepted the terms, he commented, 'Surely the English must be mad!' However, Macnaghten could not go
  against the advice of his senior military advisers, and both Elphinstone and Shelton advised acceptance of the terms.
  They did not believe the troops had any more fight left in them, and the cantonment was incapable of withstanding a
  long siege in mid-winter.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
  11 and 12. Burra sahib: big, or important, sahib. Sita Ram often uses this expression to mean political officer but
  here he is referring to Macnaghten, as in Lad Sahib below. It must be said, in fairness to Macnaghten, that at first
  he was strongly opposed to accepting the conditions laid down by the Afghan chiefs. He would have preferred to fight
  it out, or withdraw into the Bala Hissar. In this he was supported by Shah Shujah. When the latter heard that the
  British had accepted the terms, he commented, 'Surely the English must be mad!' However, Macnaghten could not go
  against the advice of his senior military advisers, and both Elphinstone and Shelton advised acceptance of the terms.
  They did not believe the troops had any more fight left in them, and the cantonment was incapable of withstanding a
  long siege in mid-winter.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
  13. Once it was decided that the force should not withdraw into the Bala Hissar, and could not expect to defend the
  cantonment indefinitely, Macnaghten had no alternative other than to negotiate with the enemy. He hoped by promises
  and bribery to divide the Afghan leaders but he was playing a dangerous game. After the failure to take Behmeru on 23
  November, Macnaghten began negotiations. He refused unconditional surrender but on 5 December the bridge over the
  Kabul river was destroyed. On 11 December Macnaghten agreed to meet the chiefs with a draft treaty which allowed for
  the restoration of Dost Mahommed, and the withdrawal of the British to India; Shah Shujah could accompany them or not,
  as he felt inclined. These terms were accepted and later Macnaghten agreed to provide hostages. Captain Trevor was the
  first to be handed over, and he was followed by others. Also the garrison in the Bala Hissar was withdrawn to the
  cantonment. But the chiefs temporized, because they wanted more hostages, guns, and ammunition. They kept the British
  on tenterhooks; while the snow fell deeper, supplies ran short, and the sick increased daily. The garrison should have
  marched out on 22 December, but the chiefs had not provided the necessary baggage animals and escort by that date.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
  14. On 23 December, Macnaghten, accompanied by three officers met Akbar Khan a short distance from the cantonment.
  Ostensibly they were to discuss a plot of Akbar Khan's to permit Shah Shujah to remain on the throne, but it was
  intended to discredit Macnaghten. Macnaghten had no sooner handed over a horse as a present to Akbar Khan, and seated
  himself for the conference, than he was attacked and stabbed to death by Akbar Khan. Of his companions, Mackenzie and
  Lawrence were taken prisoner, and Trevor was hacked to death.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
  15. Sir William Macnaghten and Sir Alexander Burnes.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
  16. Shah Shujah was assassinated outside Kabul on 5 April 1842.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">
  17. The Kabul Force that marched out of the cantonment on the morning of 6 January 1842 consisted of 700 Europeans,
  2,000 Bengal Native Infantry, 250 Bengal Cavalry, and 1,150 Irregular Horse and Shah Shujah's Levy. There were some 12
  to 15,000 followers, as well as women and children. The arrangements were that the force would be escorted as far as
  Jellalabad (i.e. through the Khoord Kabul Pass) by Akbar Khan and other Sirdars but everything went awry from the
  outset. Hours were wasted on the first day building a bridge over the Kabul river which was easily fordable. The
  intense cold and deep snow destroyed morale and caused the followers and baggage train to crowd upon the fighting
  troops. The <em>sepoys</em> soon lost all cohesion, and only the 44th, and the Bengal Horse Artillery (Europeans)
  retained their discipline. Akbar Khan, either by intention or by default, lost control over the tribesmen on the
  flanks of the column, and within two days the Kabul Force had ceased to exist as a military organization. Its massacre
  thereafter was easy.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
  18. Elphinstone had little option but to comply. three thousand died that day, including women and children. Lady Sale
  was wounded in the arm, and her son-in-law died of wounds. Her daughter, who survived the retreat, was pregnant.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
  19. Major-General Elphinstone was a dying man by the time he gave himself up to Akbar Khan on 12 January 1842;
  Brigadier Shelton was taken prisoner with him. The General smuggled out a message to the remnants of the 44th urging
  them to make a run for it. The 200 remaining men did this that same night, Captain Souter, having wound the Colours
  round his waist, and they made their last stand at Gandamak on 13 January 1842. Only Souter and a small group of
  officers and men were taken prisoner; the others were killed. The only survivor to reach Sale's Brigade at Jellalabad
  was Dr William Brydon, who later played a heroic part in the siege of Lucknow in 1857. Elphinstone died in captivity
  but Shelton survived to end his life from a fall from his horse in barracks in Ireland. He remained a martinet to the
  end.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">20. At Jagdalak, where the pass was blocked with a barricade, Sita Ram had
  attached himself to what remained of the 44th Foot.</aside>
<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">21. Presumably by forcible circumcision.</aside>
<aside id="footnote22" epub:type="footnote">22. This was probably Robert Waller of the Bengal Artillery. Both he and his
  wife were taken prisoner, and both survived captivity. Mrs Waller died in 1905—the last survivor of the Kabul
  prisoners.</aside>


<aside id="footnote23" epub:type="footnote">
  23. Maulvi: Mahommedan scholar or teacher, usually of religion.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote24" epub:type="footnote">
  24. Sita Ram here inserted a few lines of Persian in his original manuscript. They were not relevant to his theme, and
  were probably intended to display his knowledge of the language. I have omitted them.
</aside>