<h1><em>The March into Afghanistan:</em></h1>
<h2><em>1838-1839</em></h2>
<p><em>Sita Ram begins this chapter with a criticism of the new Bengal Army that had arisen phoenix-like from the ashes
    of
    the old army which had mutinied in 1857. It is hard to say whether his criticisms are justified, or whether there is
    any truth in his allegations of disloyalty among the Punjabi sepoys. As a soldier of the old school of pipeclay and
    close-order drill, Sita Ram probably resented the freer and easier ways of the new army. The fact that it contained
    a
    much larger number of Moslems than the former army also aroused his religious prejudices. But it must be remembered
    that he was old, tired and disillusioned by the time he wrote his memoirs. There undoubtedly was a good deal of
    discontent in the years immediately after the Mutiny, as well as a break in relations between Indians and British,
    but
    there can be no doubt that the Bengal Army post-Mutiny was a much better disciplined and officered force than its
    predecessor.</em></p>

<p><em>For the most part, however, Sita Ram deals in this chapter with his experiences at the outset of the First Afghan
    War. The causes for that war have already been discussed in the Introduction, and it suffices to say here that it
    was
    the greatest disaster British arms were to suffer in Asia until the surrender of Singapore almost exactly one
    hundred
    years later. Fortescue has written that the campaign brought 'nothing but disgrace', and that harsh verdict is
    probably true. It severely damaged the prestige of the Company in India and had far-reaching effects on the
    discipline
    and morale of the Bengal Native Army.</em></p>

<p><em> Sita Ram took part in the campaign as a havildar in a force recruited in India by Shah Shujah-ul-Mulk. It was
    known
    as Shah Shujah's Levy and was intended to ensure Shah Shujah's security on the throne of Afghanistan after the
    British
    had withdrawn from that country. In fact the Shah succeeded in alienating his own troops, British officers and
    sepoys
    alike, as successfully as he had alienated his own countrymen.</em></p>

<p><em>It will be recalled that the aim of the British was to restore Shah Shujah on the throne from which he had been
    ousted by Dost Mahommed Khan. They believed he would prove to be a more trustworthy and dependable ally than Dost
    Mahommed, but seldom has any government been proved more wrong. After four years' campaigning, and at great cost in
    blood and treasure, the British were to learn how grievously they had miscalculated the respective worths of Shah
    Shujah and Dost Mahommed. In this chapter we are told of Sita Ram's experiences during the first phase of the
    campaign—the assembly of the expeditionary force and its march across the Sind desert and through the Baluchistan
    mountains to Kandahar. It was virtually bloodless so far as battles were concerned, but thousands died of hunger,
    thirst, and disease. Most of these were followers, of whom 38,000 accompanied the Bengal Division alone, but both
    the
    British and Indian troops also suffered severely from privations.</em></p>
<p><em>From the outset the campaign was mismanaged. There was friction between the generals; between the generals and
    the political officers who were supposed to be advising them; between officers of the Royal Army and the officers of
    the Bombay and Bengal Armies; between the officers of the Bombay Army and those from Bengal; while all were united
    in despising the rag-tag and bobtail who had joined up in Shah Shujah's Levy. No wonder that Sita Ram expresses his
    astonishment at the inceptitude of his generals, and the evident mismanagement of the campaign.</em></p>

<p>And now, my Lord, I shall say something about the <em>Sirkar</em>'s new army, and by this I mean the army which has
  been raised since the Mutiny.<a href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> As far as I know, everyone
  dislikes the service nowadays—Hindus, Mahommedans, Sikhs, Pathans, and Dogras. They get no leisure; they never know
  their work; they have to learn one kind of drill this year, and another the next, and they are punished for not
  remembering the new drill. They now have examinations and promotion goes by supposed merit, which means in effect at
  the pleasure of the Commanding Officer, which is a very precarious thing to depend upon for promotion.<a
    href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> The Punjabis and Sikhs only entered the <em>Sirkar</em>'s
  service because they thought there would be opportunities for plunder, and not because they were pleased at joining
  the service, or looked on it for bread and pension. They do not respect the Government as we used to respect the
  Company Bahadur. If Delhi had not fallen at the time it did, the British would not have persuaded so many Pathans and
  other northern men to enter their service. It is well known that these men hung back, waiting to see which side was
  likely to win. Their great hope was that the Punjab would also have been disturbed,<a href="#footnote3"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> in which case they would have gone against the <em>Sirkar</em> with the same
  alacrity as they displayed when entering its service.</p>
<p>Their sole object was love of loot. More than half the men of these regiments now want their discharge, and the other
  half only remain because they think there may be a chance of plunder for them in China or elsewhere. But thanks to the
  amazing good fortune of the Sirkar, all prospect of war has been extinguished, like hot ashes after sprinkling from a
  water-skin, and as peace is likely to last for many years to come, most of these men will wish to leave the service.
  If they are prevented from doing this they will only be unwilling servants.</p>
<p>Numbers of young men can always be found to enlist but once the novelty has worn off they will soon want to leave a
  service which is daily becoming more distasteful to them. Their officers will have had all the trouble of drilling
  them for nothing. In the Punjab the Sikhs will take service because they are near their homes, but they do not care
  for any other country.<a href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> There is also an uneasy feeling about
  pay. The cavalry trooper has had his pay increased, but the foot soldier's remains the same. Since throughout
  Hindustan everything nowadays has become so much more expensive, and since the Government allows the moneylenders to
  do as they please, the pay of seven rupees a month will not support either Sikhs, Punjabis, or Mahommedans. So far as
  the latter are concerned, they always think they will reconquer Hindustan from the foreigners and they look forward to
  that day, flattering themselves that it is not far off. They have not seen what I have, or they would not entertain
  such foolish notions, but they love to boast of what they have done and what they one day will do again. They might
  have some idea of the absurdity of these ideas when they remember that they could not hold Delhi even with the
  Company's army in their service, and its artillery in their possession, against four or five European regiments and a
  few hastily raised regiments of dirty Punjabis. After the Mutiny I was posted to a Punjabi corps, and I know what I
  have said to have been the general feeling. I also know that if the people of the Punjab should rebel and fight the
  Sirkar, there would be 100,000 Hindustanis ready and willing to take service against them, if only to pay off old
  scores.<a href="#footnote5" epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a></p>
<p>The Government's practice of keeping several regiments of Native troops together at the same station is unwise. It is
  then that the young men become full of their own importance and swagger about the bazaars puffed up with vain conceits
  and talking about things they had better not. They forget the giver of their salt. There are plenty of rascals
  in every city, and in most Suddar bazaars,<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> who encourage the
  sepoys in every kind of villainy. This idle behaviour has much increased since the Mutiny. Before that time I never
  heard much about it, but now that calamity has afflicted Hindustan, it has become common practice. These bazaar
  ruffians have nothing to lose, and they reckon that in times of confusion and disorder they will benefit, as many of
  them did during the rebellion. Meerut, Cawnpore, and some other cities are full of these men who escaped punishment
  for their evil deeds and boast of the fact. Some bad men will be found in every regiment and their influence should be
  well guarded against—especially among the young soldiers.</p>
<p>For several years nothing happened in my regiment. My son became a fine young man and was enlisted into my corps. In
  the year 1837 it was common gossip throughout India that the Sirkar was going to assist Shah Shujah-ul-Mulk, the Amir
  of Kabul,<a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> to regain his throne. Every day the rumours grew
  stronger and there was great excitement throughout Hindustan. Some said the Sirkar would meet the Russians in
  Afghanistan and that they had promised to help the Amir Dost Mahommed Khan, who was the favourite ruler among the
  Afghans. Therefore the whole country, supported by a large army of both Russians and Persians, would be against the
  English. Many people said that the Sirkar's army would be beaten, while others considered that the English would
  succeed in taking Kabul because there was a strong party which favoured the deposed king, Shujah-ul-Mulk. The sepoys
  dreaded crossing the Indus because it was beyond Hindustan; this is forbidden by our religion and the very act means
  loss of caste.<a href="#footnote8" epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> Consequently many sepoys obtained their
  discharge, and many deserted. The Mahommedans said that a large army was coming to invade India and tried by every
  means to excite the feelings of the people. They gave out that this invading army was supported by a large force of
  Russians; when it made its
  appearance on the plains on this side of the passes, it would be a signal for the entire Mahommedan population to rise
  against the Sirkar and drive the foreigners out of India. </p>

<p>These reports daily gathered strength until fear filled the mind of the whole Native Army. The Russians were said to
  have an army of hundreds of thousands and untold wealth. Their soldiers were represented to be of enormous stature and
  as brave as lions. The end of the Sirkar's rule was predicted, for how could they withstand their enemies with only
  twelve or thirteen regiments of Europeans, which were all that were then in India?<a href="#footnote9"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> There were some people, however, who still believed that the Company's
  astonishing good luck would enable it to overcome everything, but even they were appalled when they learned of the
  mighty armies that were being assembled to invade India. Nevertheless troops began to be moved up-country, and a force
  was assembled at Ferozepore, where my corps was stationed in October, 1838.<a href="#footnote10"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> Ten thousand soldiers were collected, and also an army in the pay of Shah
  Shujah, but which was officered by English officers.<a href="#footnote11" epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> It was
  composed of men from all over India who felt inclined to try the fortunes of war.</p>

<p>I was offered a havildar's appointment in this Legion, with higher pay, and I joined one of the regiments, having
  lost any chance of promotion in my own because I had been tried by court martial. It was said at the time that this
  army would be paid by the Company Bahadur, We marched by the side of large rivers<a href="#footnote14"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> with thick low
  jungle along their banks. It was a vile country and the people were very wild. After a march lasting two months,
  during which half the army was attacked with low fever, we arrived at Rohri on the river Indus. A bridge of boats was
  constructed after a good deal of toil and trouble, and the army crossed over to the dreaded other bank of the Indus,
  which was now trodden for the first time by the Hindustani sepoy. The country was much the same on the other side as
  this, and the people were also the same; they were a nasty and dirty lot. I was crossing with my company when the
  bridge broke and three boats were carried away and swept down past Fort Bukkur with frightful force. The boatmen were
  unable to stop the boats until they had gone six miles. Four sepoys were drowned and the company had to remain out all
  night in the thick wet jungle. No-one knew the way, but in the morning we discovered the headquarters.</p>

<p>The Commander-in-Chief suffered so much from fever that he went away to Europe.<a href="#footnote15"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> The Bombay army joined the Bengal
  army and we marched on to Shikarpur. The people of the country were all Mahommedans whose language we did not
  understand and everything belonging to them was unclean. They offered no opposition to our force and no robberies or
  murders occurred at first; it was only after leaving Shikarpur that our real troubles began. The whole country was a
  vast sandy desert. The water in the few wells was bitter and everything, even firewood and water, had to be
  transported on camels. The Baluchis now began to harass us by night attacks and drove off long strings of our camels.
  Their method of carrying off these camels was very curious. A Baluch horseman would watch a line of them going out to
  feed, or detached with the baggage. He would then thrust a spear with a rag covered in camel's blood in the face of a
  bull camel, and would excite the animal with it until it rushed after the robber, followed by the whole string. The
  Baluch would thus lead off twenty camels at a time for many miles into the hills. This frequent loss of camels was a
  great problem for the army. Although many others were procured, many of them were unbroken, and almost invariably
  threw off their loads and ran off into the desert.</p>

<p>Our march was in the middle of the cold weather and yet the heat was such that numbers of European soldiers and
  <em>sepoys</em> died from the effects; on one day thirty-five men fell victim to it. At this stage the <em>sepoy</em>
  army had almost determined to return to India and there were signs of mutiny in all three armies.<a href="#footnote16"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> However, partly on account of the lavish promises of Shah Shujah, and partly
  for fear of the Baluchis who grew in numbers every day, the armies marched on, and the <em>sahibs</em> did all in
  their power to encourage their men. Our sufferings were frightful and the livers of all the Hindustanis were turned to
  water. We went through one valley called Dadhar<a href="#footnote17" epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> which was
  the mouth of hell. It was low-lying and surrounded by hills so that no air ever came there. It was worse than my tomb
  in Bundelkhand. Then we came to the Bolan Pass,<a href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> and here
  many people were killed by the tribesmen. They murdered everyone whenever they had the opportunity, and rolled large
  boulders down the mountain sides.
</p>

it was decided that he would not command the force entering Afghanistan, he decided to sail down the Indus to Karachi,
accompanying the Bengal contingent as far as Bukkur in Sind.</p>

<p>Sirkar's army, fear seemed to fill their hearts, and they ran away.<a href="#footnote21"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> If they had defended the Bolan Pass, which took seven or eight days to pass
  through, half our army might have been destroyed.</p>
<p>It was during this march of unheard of hardship that I saw, for the first time in my service, dissensions arise among
  the officers. The Bombay Commander-in-Chief and the Bengal general quarrelled.<a href="#footnote22"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>22</sup></a> The former thought his army the best. All the Bombay officers looked with
  contempt on the Bengal Army, and we<a href="#footnote23" epub:type="noteref"><sup>23</sup></a> were much abused by the
  regular sepoys who called us 'irregulars'. 'Lad Kain' sahib was of higher rank than our general and he gave orders for
  some of the force to be left behind in Sind. The good management, for which the Sirkar is so celebrated, seems to have
  left the heads of both the commanders. As we approached Kandahar the truth began to dawn on us that despite all the
  assurances Shah Shujah had given us in Hindustan, that the Afghans were longing for his return, in reality they did
  not want him as their ruler.</p>
<p>Once again fear and remorse entered into the hearts of the sepoys. They imagined they had been deceived by Shah
  Shujah's promises and even thought that the Sirkar itself had been misled. However, as a result of the wonderful
  example set by the British officers, the army marched on with nothing worse than lamentations and grumblings, and our
  hearts were cheered by the thought we should in the end be rewarded by the Government if we survived, and this despite
  Shah Shujah's failure to live up to his promises. When we saw the fertile country around Kandahar, where gardens with
  flowers and many kinds of fruit abounded, we began to feel happier. I cooked my food beneath the shade of fine trees
  with pure water running beside me. None of us had ever enjoyed a good meal since leaving Shikarpur. All we had had to
  eat was parched grain or barley, or a small quantity of musty flour. The country we came through must surely have been
  on the confines of hell! It was a land of stones with nothing green except the camel-thorn, and no birds apart from
  the vultures that feasted on the carcasses of our baggage animals, and on the bodies of our comrades we were unable to
  bury.</p>
<p>There were no animals in that vile country until our army came there, for what was there for them to live on? Troops
  of jackals followed in our track right across the desert and grew sleek and fat by their attendance. There was no wood
  with which to perform the funeral rites when a Hindu died, and he was far from holy Benares and the pure Ganges. His
  fate was unhappy for he was conveyed about in divers places in the bellies of hungry jackals! Now I understood why it
  was forbidden to cross the Indus. The fate of those who do so is truly bad, and our misfortunes were increased by the
  knowledge that we had done that which is forbidden by our religion.</p>

<p>The armies entered Kandahar,<a href="#footnote24" epub:type="noteref"><sup>24</sup></a> Shah Shujah-ul-Mulk was
  restored to his throne, and there were rejoicings among the people. The Shah's army entered first, before the
  Sirkar's, and there were great celebrations. At first the people seemed to be pleased at his return, but it was said
  that they despised him in their hearts, and only the fear of the Sirkar's army kept them civil. I think that the
  common people did not much mind who ruled them, but the sirdars<a href="#footnote25"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>25</sup></a> and head people were offended that Shah Shujah had returned with a foreign
  army. They said he had shown the English the way into their country, and that shortly they would take possession of
  it. They would use it as they had done all Hindustan and introduce their detested rules and laws. It was this that
  enraged them. They said that if the Shah had come with his own army alone, all would have been well.</p>

<p>After the king had been a short time in Kandahar, I knew the people did not care the least about him, and their anger
  grew when they saw that the English army was not returning to Hindustan. Instead they turned the place into a regular
  cantonment. We found many Hindu merchants<a href="#footnote26" epub:type="noteref"><sup>26</sup></a> in Kandahar who
  had forgotten even when their ancestors had arrived there. We were all surprised by this, but a merchant will go
  wherever he can cheat. We found them afterwards in Ghazni and Kabul, and I have heard that some of them have even
  penetrated into the land of the Russians. We remained some time in Kandahar doing nothing, but the time for harvest
  was approaching and we had to wait until the corn was ripe before we could march on. So miserable was this Kandahar
  that sufficient corn could not be found. Either the storekeepers buried all their stores, or they really did not
  possess the amount required. It took a long time to collect sufficient for our onward march.</p>
<p>Kandahar was in reality a very poor city and not to be compared with many smaller places in Hindustan. The people did
  not dare to build any large houses on account of the earthquakes, which are stronger and more frequent here than in
  Hindustan. The only large building is the tomb of Ahmed Shah.<a href="#footnote27"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>27</sup></a> The <em>sahibs</em> had expected stiff fighting and were disappointed. The
  <em>sepoys</em> could see no signs of Shah Shujah giving them the presents he had promised. In fact he only reigned in
  Kandahar and its vicinity. He was not King of Afghanistan at all. I never knew why the Sirkar's and
  the Shah's armies halted there so long. By doing so they gave Dost Mahommed time to prepare things better for defence
  and call up support from the tribes. The presence of the Europeans aroused the feelings of the people who regarded
  them as unwelcome intruders. Although they were told that the English had not come to conquer or take their country
  away from them, they remembered the history of Hindustan. They could not believe that they had come only to put Shah
  Shujah-ul-Mulk Sudozai on his rightful throne.
</p>




<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">
  1. There were upwards of ninety regular infantry battalions in the Bengal Native Army at the beginning of 1857—the
  year of the Great Mutiny. Two-thirds of these mutinied and were disbanded; of the remainder, several hovered on the
  verge of mutiny and were later removed from the Army List. The newly raised regiments which replaced them were
  composed mainly of men from northern India—Pathans, Sikhs, Dogras, and Punjabi Mussalmans. Sita Ram, a Brahmin from
  the heart of Hindustan, regarded these newcomers as rude and uncouth, even when they were co-religionists such as the
  Dogras from the Kangra and Kulu valleys.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
  2. These views conflict with those expressed previously, but Sita Ram doubtless considered that the old days and old
  ways were in every way superior to the present. This has been the old soldier's privilege since long before
  <em>Tristram Shandy</em>!
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
  3. The Punjab would certainly have burst into flames had it not been for the strong hand of John Lawrence, the
  Commissioner, and his team of assistants, who worked on the principle, 'Act first, and ask afterwards'.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
  4. It is strange that Sita Ram should take this view of the Sikhs who are some of the greatest travellers in India,
  and certainly among the most enterprising of India's many races and sects.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
  5. Sita Ram was posted to the 12th Punjab Infantry after his own regiment had mutinied. This would have been composed
  of men from northern India, with probably a preponderance of Mahommedans and Sikhs.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
  6. In most instances the military lines, or cantonment, were situated some distance from the city or town. This was
  partly for defensive purposes, partly to overawe the local population, and partly for hygienic reasons since disease
  was endemic in almost every Indian city. Bazaars, or markets, to serve the soldiers and their families sprang up in
  every cantonment, and were known as Suddar bazaars.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
  7. 'The inhabitants of India, although they talk of an Afghan, seldom call the country Afghanistan; with them it is
  Kabul, Kandahar, Jellalabad, Ghazni—all are Kabul.' [Footnote in Norgate's original translation.]
</aside>
<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
  8. The reluctance of high caste Hindu sepoys to serve overseas, or beyond what they considered to be the confines of
  Hindustan such as the river Indus, was a perpetual problem in the Bengal Native Army. The 47th BNI mutinied in 1835
  rather than take part in operations in Arakan and there are many similar instances. Neither the Madras nor the Bombay
  Armies seem to have suffered from this problem, or at least to a much less extent, and some authorities have
  attributed this to the fact that they recruited sepoys of lower caste. Nevertheless the Bombay Army recruited some of
  its soldiers from the same areas in Oudh as the Bengal Army but had much less trouble with them. Discipline was
  certainly stricter in the Bombay Army and there was much less disposition to coddle the men.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">9. Sita Ram's figures are wrong. There were 4 British cavalry and 20 infantry
  regiments serving in India at this time, and there were in addition 4 or 5 of the Company's European regiments. Of
  these only 2 cavalry and 8 infantry regiments were serving in the Bengal Presidency—a total of not much more than
  10,000 British troops. The Bengal Army at this time totalled 86,500, which figure includes 6,150 Europeans.</aside>
<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">10. The original plan called for a force of two divisions from the Bengal
  Army which was given the grandiloquent title of the 'Army of the Indus', and placed under the command of
  Lieutenant-General Sir Henry Fane, Commander-in-Chief of the Bengal Army. It was to march down the Indus as far as
  Sukkur where it was to join forces with one division of the Bombay Army, marching from Karachi under
  Lieutenant-General Sir John Keane, Commander-in-Chief of the Bombay Army. The combined force, under Fane, was then to
  cross the Indus and enter Afghanistan via the Bolan Pass and Baluchistan. However, when news was received of the
  withdrawal of the Persian Army which had been besieging Herat (September 1838), the Bengal Army's contribution was
  reduced to one division and Fane withdrew from the command which was then given to Keane.</aside>
<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">11. Shah Shujah was encouraged by the Company to recruit an army in India
  which was subsidized by the British. It consisted of some artillery, two regiments of cavalry, and six of infantry. It
  was to be officered by British and Indian officers lent from the Company's army. It attracted more than its fair share
  of ne'er-do-wells and suffered both from lack of discipline and intermittent pay; much of the cash provided by the
  Company for the purpose stuck to the palms of Shah Shujah and his minions. At one stage it was commanded by General
  Abraham Roberts, father of Field-Marshal Earl Roberts. After the First Afghan War the 3rd Battalion, which had fought
  well at Kalat-i-Ghilzai, was taken into the Line as the 12th Bengal Infantry.</aside>
but all I know is that when the Shah regained his throne, he could not pay his own bodyguard. This army consisted of
artillery, cavalry, and infantry, and was called Shah Shujah's Levy. Only one weak regiment of Europeans from the
Company's army accompanied us to Kabul, as well as the Burdwan, Castor, and Grand infantry regiments, and two others.<a
  href="#footnote12" epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> The nearest road to Kabul would have been through the Punjab,
which at this time was ruled by Maharajah Runjeet Singh who was a great ally of the Sirkar. I believe he offered to let
the army march through his territories, but he told Lord Fane sahib that his force was too small and a collision might
therefore take place with some of his own troops, whom he could hardly control, up in the northern part of the Punjab.
The order was therefore given for the force to march down into Sind and enter the country of the Afghans by the Bolan
Pass.<a href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a>


<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
  12. Sita Ram is not very accurate here, but he was writing thirty years on, and entirely from memory. I would not find
  it easy to give an accurate rendering of the composition of the 1st (Burma) Division with which I went to war in 1942!
  The Bengal Division, commanded by Major-General Willoughby Cotton, contained three European regiments—HM 16th Lancers
  and 13th Foot, and the Company's Bengal European regiment. There were also 3 Native cavalry regiments, and 7 infantry,
  of which Sita Ram gives three by their popular names. However, 2 BNI (Burdwan-ki-Paltan), 5 BNI (Grand-ki-Paltan), and
  53 BNI (Castor-ki-Paltan), did not form part of the 'Army of the Indus'. They did take part in the First Afghan War
  but at a later stage in the campaign.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
  13. There were several reasons for the decision to enter Afghanistan by the long way round, instead of by the direct
  route through the Khyber Pass, and a fear lest the lines of communication across the Punjab would be at risk to the
  Sikhs was one of the reasons.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
  14. The Rivers Sutlej, Ravi and Chenab.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
  15. Lieutenant-General the Honourable Sir Henry Fane was Commander-in-Chief of the Bengal Army from 1835 to 1839. He
  was due to relinquish command, and when <!-- [UNCLEAR] -->
</aside>

<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">16. The Bengal and Bombay contingents, and Shah Shujah's Levy.</aside>

<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">17. There is a local saying which runs—'Oh Allah! Wherefore make hell when
  thou hast made Dadhar?' It lies at the foot of the hills, between the desert and Baluchistan, and is hot for most of
  the year.</aside>

<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">18. The Bolan Pass rises from sea level to almost 6,000 fect. Torrential
  rains added to the misery of the army and it took nearly eight days to traverse the pass. Every yard of the way was
  marked by an abandoned camel, a foundered horse, or a camp follower dying from exhaustion. 'Tents, camel trunks, wine
  chests, cooking pots, bundles of blankets, and overturned bullock carts marked the progress of the Army of the Indus
  through the Bolan Pass, as the shore is littered with sea wrack after a storm.'</aside>
<p>The watercourses were all blocked, and the wells were filled with pilu wood<a href="#footnote19"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> that made the water stink, so as to make one sick even when approaching the
  well.</p>
<p>We next arrived at Quetta. Here it was very cold and the sudden change in temperature caused many of us to fall sick
  with fever. Eventually Kandahar came in sight. All the opposition came from the Baluchis and the hill tribes—we were
  not opposed by the people of Kandahar. It was said that the Afghans had never expected the Sirkar's army to enter
  their country by such a circuitous route. They believed it would come over the Khyber Pass, near Peshawar, or through
  some of the other northern passes. Consequently they had defended those places and all their forces were collected
  there. I dare say the Commander-in-Chief knew this and put out information through his secret agents that the English
  army intended to come by the Khyber Pass, but I know that all the sahibs with our army were much astonished that there
  was no enemy, and that we were not resisted on the Kabul side of the passes. The hill men do not like venturing far
  into the plains and seldom leave their homes for more than a few miles to raid a village or attack a caravan. They are
  very formidable behind their rocks from where they can fire their long jezails<a href="#footnote20"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a> that throw a ball three times the size of a musket-ball with accuracy at 400
  yards, but they could never withstand a volley of our musketry at close quarters. They fight as individuals, and not
  in formed bodies like the Company's troops.</p>
<p>Everyone passing through these hills is robbed and attacked, no matter if he be friend or foe. They are often bribed
  to allow caravans to traverse their country, and these are accustomed to visit India with dried fruits, skins, and
  other products of their country. They return with the produce of Hindustan. These caravans pay large sums of money to
  ensure safe conduct, but there is always one tribe or other that declares it has never received any money and loots
  the caravan. These hill tribes are supposedly subject to the ruler of Kabul, and Shah Shujah sent frequently to inform
  them that the English were his friends. However, this made no difference—they fired at, and attacked, the Shah's
  soldiers just as much as the Sirkar's. Truly they were a lawless set of bloodthirsty savages. In a short time our army
  arrived at Kandahar, and it was hot when we arrived there, although not as hot as in Hindustan. The Sirdars came out
  at first with a small force, but suddenly, when they saw the red coats of the</p>

<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
  19. A desert scrub. The smoke from this wood is so offensive as to cause nausea and spoils any food cooked by it.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
  20. Jezail: a long-barrelled musket, often fired from a rest, which was considerably more effective at long range than
  'Brown Bess'. The Afghan tribesmen used it with great effect.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
  21. Hadji Khan, who was charged with defending Kandahar for Dost Mahommed, betrayed his trust and delivered up the
  second city of Afghanistan without firing a shot. He was renowned for his faithlessness, and betrayed Shah Shujah
  later.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote22" epub:type="footnote">
  22. Lieutenant-General Sir John Keane, Commander-in-Chief of the expeditionary force, was not a popular officer. He
  was described as 'an apt, clever officer, but hardly deserving the name of general'. He belonged to the British Army
  and had next to no experience of Indian warfare. Major-General Willoughby Cotton, commanding the Bengal Division, was
  a much more polished individual, popular and fairly tactful. He also belonged to the British Army but had considerable
  experience in India. He quarrelled with Keane, but so did most people.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote23" epub:type="footnote">
  23. Sita Ram does not make it clear whether he is referring to the Bengal troops, or Shah Shujah's force—probably the
  latter.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote24" epub:type="footnote">24. Kandahar was reached on 26 April 1839, and Shah Shujah was formally
  installed on the throne on 8 May. There had been few casualties in battle, but thousands had died from privations or
  disease.</aside>
<aside id="footnote25" epub:type="footnote">25. The Chiefs or nobles in Afghanistan style themselves sirdar. It is also
  a title much used by the Sikhs.</aside>
<aside id="footnote26" epub:type="footnote">26. The word used by Sita Ram is bannia, meaning a corn or seed merchant.
  They were also moneylenders and bankers. As a Brahmin he despised them, but their enterprise was remarkable.</aside>

<aside id="footnote27" epub:type="footnote">
  27. Ahmed Shah (1722–72). He founded the Durani dynasty in Afghanistan and invaded India on several occasions.
</aside>