<p><em>'At first I found it very disagreeable wearing the red coat'</em></p>
<h1>The Gurkha War:</h1>
<h2>1814-1816</h2>
<p> <em>Sita Ram devotes part of this chapter to a description of his British officers, and their relations with the
        sepoys,
        and he also touches on the relationship which existed between certain British regiments he knew and the Bengal
        Native regiments. He then goes on to tell of his experiences in the war against the Gurkhas which began in 1814
        and
        lasted nearly two years.</em></p>

<p><em>There is considerable obscurity regarding the regiments in which Sita Ram served. Lord Sidmouth devoted
        forty-five
        years' study to this and concluded that Sita Ram was either continually changing his unit, or through deliberate
        intent, or loss of memory, embroidered his story.<a href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> Quite
        apart from Sita Ram's haziness over dates, he never mentions any of his regiments by their numbers. This is not
        altogether surprising since the Bengal Army underwent several reorganizations in the course of his service, and
        in
        1824, in particular, the numbering of regiments was completely changed. Moreover the sepoys usually referred to
        their regiments by their popular names, as a soldier from the Middlesex Regiment might have referred to his unit
        as
        the 'Die Hards'.<a href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> Most sepoy regiments were known by the
        names of the British officers who had originally raised them, but Sita Ram does not use even this method to
        identify
        his regiments, although he does refer later in his narrative by their popular names to three regiments which
        took
        part in the First Afghan War (1838-42). His memory may have been failing him, as Lord Sidmouth suggests, or he
        may
        have felt this was a matter of no concern. However, the most likely explanation is that he was anxious to cover
        his
        traces for fear lest his frank comments should incur the displeasure of the all-powerful Company and endanger
        his
        precious pension. His translator, Norgate, may have entered with him into this conspiracy of silence in order to
        overcome Sita Ram's initial reluctance to write his memoirs.</em></p>

<p><em>We can be fairly certain, however, that Sita Ram's first regiment was the 2nd Battalion of the 26th Bengal Native
        Infantry.<a href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> It was the only sepoy regiment stationed at
        Agra
        at the time when Sita Ram says he enlisted, and moreover he tells us that his first commanding officer was
        'Estuart'
        sahib. 'Estuart' is a common rendering of Stewart in the vernacular, and there was a Major Benjamin Stewart
        serving
        with the 2/26th BNI at Agra. Although he was only the third major in order of seniority, the other
        two majors were employed elsewhere, and Stewart was probably acting as Commanding Officer.</em></p>

<p><em>Sita Ram's great hero was his first company commander whom he calls 'Burrumpeel'. Like any other young soldier,
        his
        company commander meant a great deal more to him than his Commanding Officer, and 'Burrumpeel' certainly seems
        to
        have been an officer of character. He was wounded during the Gurkha War, and again later. By the time Sita Ram
        came
        to write his memoirs 'Burrumpeel' had become the paragon of all military virtues. This is hardly surprising. I
        can
        remember my first company commander, who did not rise above the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, far better than my
        first
        Commanding Officer who became a very distinguished General. Attempts to identify 'Burrumpeel' have unfortunately
        failed. It is probable that it was a nickname. Sita Ram says that he was wounded at the storming of Kalanga
        during
        the Gurkha War, but the officer commanding the company of the 2/26th BNI in that action was Thomas Thackeray,
        uncle
        of the novelist, and he was killed shortly afterwards at Jaithak. Whereas 'Burrumpeel', according to Sita Ram,
        recovered from his wound after sick leave in England, and returned, only to be wounded again in the operations
        against the Mahrattas. 'Burrumpeel' must therefore remain a mystery.</em></p>

<p><em>The East India Company, after patiently enduring frontier skirmishes with the Nepalese for many years, went to
        war
        with them in 1814; the campaign which followed is usually known as the Gurkha War. The ruling class in Nepal is
        of
        Indian origin, being Rajputs who took refuge in Nepal from Moslem persecution early in the fourteenth century.
        They
        first established themselves in the little town of Gurkha from where they eventually conquered the whole of
        Nepal as
        we know it today. By the end of the eighteenth century they had extended Nepal's boundaries to include Simla in
        the
        north-west and Sikkim in the east and their expansionist policies had brought them into conflict with the
        Company.
        Gurkha rule was not popular among the hill people who said of them, 'They had no law to guide them, nor did they
        care for peace and prosperity'; but they were formidable soldiers and the British thought hard and long before
        it
        was decided to bring the Gurkhas to heel.</em></p>

<p> <em>Four columns of British and Indian troops took part in the operations; there was also a fifth, or subsidiary,
        column
        composed mostly of irregular troops under Gardner and Hearsey. The northern column was directed against the
        Gurkha
        strongholds in the mountains around Simla, and it was commanded by David Ochterlony, as fine a soldier as ever
        served Britain in India. The centre column marched from Meerut to assault the fortress of Kalanga and to cut the
        Gurkha communications with Nepal. It was commanded by Sir Rollo Gillespie, a name to conjure with in India at
        that
        time. The third and fourth columns operated farther to the east with the aim of forcing the passes into central
        Nepal and seizing the capital, Kathmandu.</em></p>

<p><em>Only Ochterlony’s column was successful. Gillespie was killed while leading the storm of Kalanga; he was buried
        in
        Meerut cemetery where his obelisk rises high above the jungle surrounding over a century’s worth of British
        graves.
        Kalanga eventually fell, but not before its ninety surviving defenders had made their escape; while at Jaithak,
        the
        next fort to be attacked, there was a complete reversal. Sita Ram was present at both these actions. There was
        similar failure in the east, but Ochterlony’s success had alarmed the Nepalese. Their general, Amar Singh Thapa,
        and
        the Nepalese Government, asked for terms.</em></p>

<p><em>Several months of negotiations followed, and this respite was utilized by the Gurkhas to strengthen their
        defences
        covering Kathmandu. They then refused to ratify the peace treaty. War broke out again and Ochterlony was given
        command of all the Company’s troops. He out-manoeuvred the Gurkhas, capturing their supposedly impregnable
        fortress
        at Chiriaghati after a daring night approach-march which could equally easily have resulted in disaster. The
        Gurkhas
        capitulated in order to avoid the occupation of Kathmandu. A peace treaty was signed at Sagauli in 1816. By this
        the
        Nepalese lost Simla, Dehra Dun, parts of the Terai, and Sikkim, but retained their independence. They agreed to
        accept a British Resident in Kathmandu<a href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> and allowed the
        Company to recruit Gurkhas for the Bengal Army.</em></p>

<p>I took my place as a regular <em>sepoy</em> in my uncle’s company, Number 2,<a href="#footnote5"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> eight months from the day I had entered the <em>Sirkar’s</em> service. But
    my annoyances did not cease here. Through some influence of the drill <em>havildar</em>, the European sergeant of my
    company took a dislike to me and was continually finding fault and getting me punished. I discovered that I had
    never given the usual present to the drill <em>havildar</em> when I had passed my drill, and I determined never to
    do so after his bad treatment of me. This fee was sixteen rupees, of which five or six went to the European sergeant
    of the company to which the recruit was posted. At this time there was a European sergeant with each company of
    <em>sepoys</em>.<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> Some of them knew the language quite well,
    and on the whole were kind to us, but others did not know our language, or could not make us understand their
    meaning,
    and instead resorted to low abuse. Numerous complaints were made to the Adjutant, but he nearly always took the side
    of
    the European sergeant, and we could obtain very little or no redress.
</p>

<p>At first I found it very disagreeable wearing the red coat; although this was open in front, it was very tight under
    the arms. The shako<a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> was very heavy and hurt my head, but of
    course it was very smart. I grew accustomed to all this after a time, but I always found it a great relief when I
    could wear my own loose dress. The uniform of the British was always very tight and prevented the free use of arms
    and legs. I also found the musket very heavy, and for a long time my shoulder ached when carrying it.<a
        href="#footnote8" epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> The pouch-belt and knapsack were a load for a coolie.</p>

<p>There were eight<a href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> English officers in my regiment, and the
    Captain of my company was a real <em>sahib</em>—just as I had imagined all <em>sahibs</em> to be. His name was
    'Burrumpeel'. He was six feet three inches tall, his chest as broad as the monkey god's,<a href="#footnote10"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> and he was tremendously strong. He often used to wrestle with the
    <em>sepoys</em> and won universal admiration when he was in the wrestling arena. He had learnt all the throws and no
    <em>sepoy</em> could defeat him. This officer was always known among ourselves as the 'Wrestler'. Nearly all our
    officers had nicknames by which we knew them. One was the 'Prince' sahib, and another was known as the 'Camel'
    because he had a long neck. Another we called 'Damn' sahib because he always said that word when he gave an order.
    Some of the officers were very young, mere boys, and when they were not on duty they were always hunting and
    shooting.
</p>

<p>The Colonel <em>sahib</em> owned four elephants and often organized tiger hunts. At the time I am writing about there
    were tigers in abundance in the jungles around Agra, near Bharatpore, and on the road to Mutthura.<a
        href="#footnote11" epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> These jungles have since been cleared away and there is
    not a tiger to be seen, but Colonel 'Estuart' <em>sahib</em> seldom returned from a hunt without two tigers. He was
    well-known all around and the villagers came from as far as thirty miles away to inform him where the game was; they
    were certain of receiving a good reward. Nowadays the <em>sahibs</em> do not go out all day during the hot weather,
    but formerly they bore the heat just as well as we do, and sometimes even better.</p>

<p>Most of our officers had Indian women living with them, and these had great influence in the regiment. They always
    pretended to have more influence than was probably the case in order that they might be bribed to ask the
    <em>sahibs</em> for favours on our behalf. The <em>sepoys</em> themselves were sometimes instrumental in persuading
    the officers to take their female relations into their service, but such men were usually of low caste, or else
    Mahommedans.<a href="#footnote12" epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> In those days the <em>sahibs</em> could
    speak our language much better than they do now, and they mixed more with us. Although officers today have to pass
    the language examination, and have to read books, they do not understand our language. I have seldom met a
    <em>sahib</em> who could really read a book or letter although he had been passed by the examining board. The only
    language they learn is that of the lower orders, which they pick up from their servants, and which is unsuitable to
    be used in polite conversation. The <em>sahibs</em> often used to give <em>nautches</em><a href="#footnote13"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a> for the regiment, and they attended all the men's games. They also took us
    with them when they went out hunting, or at least all those of us who wanted to go.
</p>

<p>Nowadays they seldom attend <em>nautches</em> because their Padre <em>sahibs</em> have told them it is wrong. These
    <em>sahibs</em> have done, and are still doing, many things to estrange the British officers from the
    <em>sepoys</em>.<a href="#footnote14" epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> When I was a <em>sepoy</em> the Captain
    of my company would have some of the
    men at his house all day long and he talked with them. Of course many went with the intention of gaining
    something—to
    persuade the company commander to recommend them to the Colonel for promotion, or to obtain this or that appointment
    in
    the regiment—but far more of us went because we liked the sahib who always treated us as if we were his children. I
    am a
    very old man now and my words are true. I have lived to see great changes in the sahibs' attitude towards us. I know
    that many officers nowadays only speak to their men when obliged to do so, and they show that the business is
    irksome
    and try to get rid of the sepoys as quickly as possible. One sahib told us that he never knew what to say to us. The
    sahibs always knew what to say, and how to say it, when I was a young soldier. If I am speaking too boldly, your
    Honour
    must forgive me!
</p>

<p>The officers of the Royal Army<a href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> since the Mutiny do not
    treat us in the same fashion as they used to do. I am fully aware of the execration my unworthy brethren deserve for
    their brutal conduct during the Mutiny, but surely this should come from their own officers, and not from officers
    of the Royal Army. Even when it was known that I had served with the force which relieved Lucknow, I can
    nevertheless remember being called 'a damned black pig' by more than one officer of the Royal Army. And yet I can
    recall that officers of the 13th and 41st Foot,<a href="#footnote16" epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> when I
    made chappatis<a href="#footnote17" epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> for them in Kabul, told me, 'Jack sepoy is
    a damned good fellow!' I have not served forty-eight years with English officers without knowing the meaning of all
    this. It can largely be attributed to hastiness of temper, and who can struggle against fate? I always was good
    friends with the English soldiers, and they used to treat the sepoy with great kindness. And why not—did we not do
    all their work? We performed all their guard duties in the heat. We stood sentry over their rum-casks. We gave them
    our own food.<a href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> Well, English soldiers are a different
    breed nowadays. They are neither as fine nor as tall as they used to be. They can seldom speak one word of our
    language except to abuse us, and if they could learn polite expressions as quickly as they can learn abusive ones,
    they would indeed be apt scholars.</p>

<p>I have noticed that a regiment new to India, both officers and men, always abuse us Indians more than an old
    regiment. The 17th Foot always called us brothers; the 16th Lancers
    never walked near our cooking places nor spat on our food, and we served with them for years.<a href="#footnote19"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> I have heard it said, and once I asked a Colonel sahib who could
    understand me
    a little whether it was true that the Sirkar's best soldiers were all killed by the Russian cannon [in the Crimean
    War].
    He told me that very few were killed, but that thousands died of cold and sickness as they did in Kabul. However, it
    was
    thought during the Mutiny that the Russians had killed all the Sirkar's soldiers and that only boys could be
    recruited
    in Britain. Some of this must be true because I have seen only boys in many red-coated regiments in recent years.<a
        href="#footnote20" epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a></p>
<p>A short time after I became a regular <em>sepoy</em> it was rumoured that the Company was going to take Nepal from
    Amar Singh Thapa,<a href="#footnote21" epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> and our officers were full of hopes of
    going with the army which was being assembled at Mutthura. Orders soon arrived and we marched from Agra to Mutthura
    in two days. There we were attached to General 'Gilspy's' force.<a href="#footnote22"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>22</sup></a> There was also another force under General 'Loneyackty'.<a
        href="#footnote23" epub:type="noteref"><sup>23</sup></a> We marched until we came to Dehra Dun, near the
    mountains, without seeing any of the enemy, but we heard they were all collected at Nala Pani,<a href="#footnote24"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>24</sup></a> which was a fort on a hill. The Gurkhas were always considered

    to be brave soldiers, and their knives were much dreaded.<a href="#footnote25" epub:type="noteref"><sup>25</sup></a>
    A
    touch from them meant certain death. Our force was ordered to march on the fort. The approach road ran through thick
    jungle and several of my comrades were wounded by arrows. These came from the jungle without making any sound and we
    saw
    no-one. Many of the sepoys said it was magic and the work of demons. We fired volleys of musketry when the arrows
    came
    thick, but the jungle was so dense that we never knew whether any of the enemy were killed.</p>

<p>As we approached the fort, the General sahib ordered four columns for the attack. These were to approach the fort
    from different directions, but the paths were so bad and steep that one column arrived before the others. It was
    exposed to such heavy fire that it had to retreat, leaving behind many dead.<a href="#footnote26"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>26</sup></a> This disheartened the sepoys very much, and seeing the European soldiers
    running back made it worse. At this moment General 'Gilspy' led a European regiment<a href="#footnote27"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>27</sup></a> to the attack, but despite all his bravery (and he was a veritable lion),
    he was beaten back two or three times. He was on foot, cheering on his men, when he suddenly fell dead. Then we
    retreated again, and my regiment covered the withdrawal.</p>

<p>We retreated about one mile, and then halted for four or five days until the big guns could arrive from Delhi under
    Captain 'Hallow' sahib.<a href="#footnote28" epub:type="noteref"><sup>28</sup></a> The walls of the fort were not
    very high, and the officers of my regiment wanted to try scaling ladders which we soon made from the jungle trees.
    But General 'Maulay' sahib<a href="#footnote29" epub:type="noteref"><sup>29</sup></a> would not allow the attempt to
    be made because our losses had already been so terrible. In my regiment forty-eight men had been killed. The British
    regiment had lost nearly two companies,<a href="#footnote30" epub:type="noteref"><sup>30</sup></a> but they never
    lost heart and went into the attack again and again. They were like young fighting cocks. The sepoys were
    rather dispirited, but their spirits revived when the guns came up. The walls were battered and breaches were made.
    Another
    assault was then mounted, but although we pushed forward as hard as we could, the British actually running up the
    breaches, we were still driven back. No-one succeeded in entering the fort. It was the sight of the arrows filling
    the
    air which frightened many of the men, rather than the sound of the matchlock balls which we could not see. The
    Mahommedans in the ranks were the most disheartened; as three attempts had failed, they said that Allah must be
    against
    them.<a href="#footnote31" epub:type="noteref"><sup>31</sup></a></p>

<p>However, next morning, when a grand attack was launched on the fort from all sides, we advanced nearer and nearer
    without an arrow or a shot being fired at us. A drummer boy ran up the breach and then called out that the fort was
    deserted.<a href="#footnote32" epub:type="noteref"><sup>32</sup></a> The Nepalese had all escaped through the jungle
    without our knowing anything of it, or hearing a sound. It was now the turn of the British soldiers to be
    down-hearted because they were angry that the enemy had tricked them.<a href="#footnote33"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>33</sup></a> I escaped without a wound, but my Captain <em>sahib</em> received an arrow
    in the chest. It was difficult to remove on account of its broad point and the Doctor <em>sahib</em> said that the
    Captain would die if the arrow was extracted. However, the <em>sahib</em> suffered great pain and was in such agony
    that he pulled out the arrowhead himself. Blood and froth gushed from the wound and he nearly bled to death. I never
    expected to see my Captain <em>sahib</em> recover. He was so loved by the men of his company, and was such a
    universal favourite in the regiment, that his absence was hard to bear. But 'Burrumpeel' <em>sahib</em> was sent to
    England, and the regiment lost its champion.</p>

<p>At this time a new General came, 'Martindale' <em>sahib</em>,<a href="#footnote34"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>34</sup></a> to take command. The enemy had collected at another fort, Jaithak, and our
    army was ordered to march against it. Here again the British troops attacked like tigers and fought like madmen, but
    we were all driven back with considerable loss. My uncle was wounded in the knee by a matchlock ball which caused
    him great pain. I was permitted to look after him in the hospital tent. All the Mahommedan sepoys now
    said that the war was an unlucky one, and that it would never succeed, but my uncle said that the sahibs and their
    British soldiers always fought the better for being beaten at the outset of a campaign.,</p>

<p>The next day we heard that the Sirkar's army which had advanced by way of Gorakhpur and Bettiah had been destroyed by
    the Nepalese.<a href="#footnote35" epub:type="noteref"><sup>35</sup></a> The sahibs began to look anxious, although
    our General told us that only several companies had been cut off, but the entire army had not been destroyed.
    Nevertheless most of us believed the rumour, and my uncle was the only one who believed the General's story. The
    army was now in a sad state and not much fit for fighting. Most of the wounded men died from green fever.<a
        href="#footnote36" epub:type="noteref"><sup>36</sup></a> The local people thought the Company's good fortune had
    vanished, and several local potentates, taking advantage of this, began to collect soldiers to use against the
    Government. Our column retired to Dehra Dun to rest the soldiers. The enemy did not harass us; being hillmen, they
    were afraid to venture out into the open plains.</p>

<p>Within a few weeks we received news that 'Loneyackty' sahib had beaten Amar Thapa and that peace had been made.<a
        href="#footnote37" epub:type="noteref"><sup>37</sup></a> Our force then marched to Saharanpore [near Meerut]
    where there was a large fort. The Sirkar permitted Amar Thapa to go back to his own country because of his bravery.
    The English respect brave men and do not kill them. This is curious, for is not a brave man the most dangerous
    enemy? Indeed, as we all expected, as a result of the Sirkar's letting Amar Thapa go free, war broke out again after
    a few months. I was never able to understand the sahibs. I have seen them spare the lives of their enemies when
    these were wounded. I have seen an officer spare the life of a wounded man who shot him in the back as he turned
    away.<a href="#footnote38" epub:type="noteref"><sup>38</sup></a> I saw another sahib spare the life of a wounded
    Afghan, and even offer him some water to drink, but the man cut at him with his curved sword and lamed him for life.
    'The wounded snake can kill as long as life remains,' says the proverb, and if your enemy is not worth killing,
    surely he is not worth fighting against?</p>

<p>My regiment was now ordered to join General 'Loneyack- ty's'<!-- [UNCLEAR] --> force by forced marches. One night,
    when we were near a place called Peithan, the alarm was sounded. A dreadful uproar took place in the camp and at
    first we could not account for it. A herd of wild elephants had entered the camp and were attacking our transport
    elephants, <a href="#footnote39" epub:type="noteref"><sup>39</sup></a> which had broken their chains and were
    running wild. They ran among the tents, screaming and roaring, upsetting tents, and trampling to death a European
    soldier and two officers' servants. The European soldiers wanted to open fire on the elephants, but in the dark it
    was impossible to tell which were wild, and which were the Commissariat elephants. The officers had great difficulty
    in preventing their men from opening fire. Had the soldiers done so, no-one can say what damage would have been
    done; the musket balls would doubtless have killed some of our own men. After a while the wild elephants moved off
    and quiet was somewhat restored. The <em>mahouts</em><a href="#footnote40" epub:type="noteref"><sup>40</sup></a>
    succeeded in recovering all their elephants except two, and these were never seen again.</p>

<p>I was on sentry duty that night and never shall I forget it. I had never been so frightened before. I expected to be
    trampled on at every moment and yet I dared not leave my post. Even my uncle admitted to being afraid because he had
    not yet recovered from his wound and was unable to run. The guyropes of one tent became entangled with an elephant's
    feet and the tent was torn down before the occupants could get out. They were enfolded in the tent like fish in a
    net and were dragged for some distance. The sides of the tent saved them from being seriously injured, but they were
    frightened as I had never seen men frightened before. They were greatly laughed at the following morning when the
    new way they had chosen to strike their tent became known. I saw the European who had been killed. His chest was
    stove in, his face was black, and his eyes nearly started out of his face. It was an awful sight.</p>

<p>Our column joined the rest of the army near Chiriaghati<a href="#footnote41" epub:type="noteref"><sup>41</sup></a>
    where the enemy had taken up position. We marched round towards Makwanpur, and two battles were fought in which the
    Gurkhas were severely beaten and the village of Bichukuh<a href="#footnote41" epub:type="noteref"><sup>41</sup></a>
    was taken by storm. The</p>

<p>Gurkhas thought that Kathmandu would be captured as we were not more than thirty miles away from their capital. They
    sent envoys with flags of truce and peace was proclaimed. The terms of this peace were very hard.<a
        href="#footnote42" epub:type="noteref"><sup>42</sup></a> The Company <em>Bahadur</em> took large provinces from
    the Gurkhas for security, but they also returned some small places the enemy seemed to value. This part of the war
    had only lasted a few weeks.</p>


<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">
    1. Journal of the Society for Army Historical Research, Vol. XXXVIII, No. 154, June 1960.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
    2. From the celebrated incident at the battle of Albuhera, 1811, when their dying commanding officer,
    Lieutenant-Colonel Inglis, cheered them on, with 'Die hard, 57th! Die hard!'
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
    3. The 26th Bengal Native Infantry was raised in Cawnpore in 1804. It consisted of two battalions, of which the 2nd
    was known as Hindri-ki-Paltan from Captain R. Henry who was appointed to the battalion in 1805 and who for some time
    commanded it. In the reorganization of 1824, when two battalion regiments were abolished, 2/26th became 52nd BNI. It
    mutinied in 1857 at Jubbulpore and was disbanded.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
    4. There was a British Resident in Kathmandu, with a personal escort of troops, from the end of the Gurkha War until
    India became independent in 1947, but for almost all the time his movements were restricted to the valley of
    Kathmandu. The Nepalese would not allow him to visit outlying areas, even though it was from these areas that the
    British recruited their Gurkha soldiers, and it is only within the last fifteen years or so that Nepal has been
    opened up to tourists. It is a land of singular charm and beauty.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
    5. Number 2 was always the Light Company. These were introduced in India as a result of the British Army’s
    experience in the Peninsular War. There was a Grenadier and a Light company in each battalion, consisting of picked
    men, and it was common practice to take the Grenadier and Light companies from several battalions to form an ad hoc
    Light Battalion, or ‘Flank’ Battalion. Sita Ram appears to have served in such a unit for part of the Gurkha war.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
    6. There was a small cadre of British non-commissioned officers in each <em>sepoy</em> unit, consisting usually of a
    sergeant-major, one sergeant per company, and a quarter-master sergeant, who usually retired rich if he did not die
    of drink. These NCOs were mostly men who had gone out to India originally with a British regiment, but who had
    elected to transfer to the Company's service (where the pay was better and the perquisites considerable) either on
    discharge or when their British regiments left the Indian Establishment.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
    7. This smart but not very practicable headdress had been copied from the British Army, as indeed had most of the
    uniforms of the Company's Army. Very little concession was made to the climate and the thick and tight-fitting
    uniform must have been particularly trying for Indians, whose normal dress is cotton, and both light and loose.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
    8. This would be the smooth-bored musket 'Brown Bess', weighing 9 pounds and with an effective range of 300 yards.
    It was only accurate up to 100 yards.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
    9. The establishment was 23 British officers, but of these at least two-thirds would be absent on leave, or in staff
    or other employment.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">
    10. Hanuman, the monkey god, is one of the better-known gods of the Hindu pantheon.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
    11. There are still tigers near Bharatpore, but they are few and strictly preserved.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
    12. Although Sita Ram does not appear to approve of his officers keeping Indian mistresses, he does seem to favour
    'sleeping dictionaries'! By no means all British officers kept Indian mistresses; many married Indian wives in the
    normal fashion, and some of these were ladies of high birth.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
    13. Nautches were entertainments provided by troupes of professional dancers, both men and women. Although the
    dances were mainly classical, many were highly erotic, and often, but by no means always, the dancers were also
    prostitutes. Nautches might last all night and were an acquired taste so far as the Europeans were concerned, but
    the sepoys loved them.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
    14. Sita Ram is here expressing a belief widely held by the sepoys that British chaplains were coming between the
    officers and their men. The sepoys also feared that the chaplains were seeking to convert them to Christianity, as
    some of them undoubtedly tried to do, and this was another of the many causes of the Mutiny.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
    15. Regiments of the British Army, serving on the Indian Establishment (and paid for by the East India Company),
    were usually referred to as the Royal Army, or as King's Troops, or (under Victoria) Queen's Troops.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
    16. Sita Ram is here referring to the British Regiments he met during the First Afghan War. 13th Foot are now the
    1st Battalion, The Light Infantry; 41st Foot are now the 1st Battalion, Royal Regiment of Wales; 16th Lancers are
    now 16th/5th The Queen's Royal Lancers; and the 17th Foot are the 4th Battalion, Royal Anglian Regiment.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">
    17. Chappatis: the flat, baked wheaten cake which is the bread of northern India.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
    18. During the siege of Jellalabad (1841-2), the sepoys of the 35th BNI gave up their rations to HM 13th Foot.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
    19. This reference may seem obscure to those unacquainted with the strict religious observances of Hindu Brahmins.
    If even the shadow of a non-Brahmin falls across the cooking place, or the dish, the food is defiled and cannot be
    eaten.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
    20. There was probably a great deal of truth in Sita Ram's criticism of the changed attitude of the British troops,
    but it must be remembered that he is writing in the immediate aftermath of the Indian Mutiny, when such incidents as
    the massacre of women and children at Cawnpore had aroused an ugly spirit of revenge. No one struggled harder
    against this than the Governor-General, Lord Canning, who was rewarded for his efforts by the contemptuous nickname,
    'Clemency Canning'. It is much to be regretted, but not for that reason to be glossed over, that events which
    occurred during the Mutiny—on both sides—coloured British and Indian attitudes for many, many years afterwards.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
    21. Amar Singh Thapa was the leading Nepalese general.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote22" epub:type="footnote">
    22. 'Gilspy' is the vernacular rendering for Gillespie. Major-General Sir Rollo Gillespie (1766–1814) had played a
    prominent part in putting down the mutiny at Vellore in 1806. It was said of him that 'he was not only the bravest
    man that ever wore a red coat, but also extremely capable and resourceful' (Fortescue).
</aside>
<aside id="footnote23" epub:type="footnote">
    23. 'Loneyackty' is the vernacular rendering for Ochterlony, whom even British troops found easier to call Malone!
    Major-General Sir David Ochterlony (1758–1825) ended his distinguished career as Resident at Delhi where he is said
    to have maintained even greater state than the Mughul emperor himself. He resigned after having his policy abruptly
    overruled by the Governor-General, Lord Amherst, and settled in Meerut where he is supposed to have died of a broken
    heart.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote24" epub:type="footnote">
    24. Nala Pani was near Kalanga, which the Gurkhas were fortifying. Kalanga was described by Gillespie: '... as stiff
    and strong a position as ever I saw: garrisoned by men who are fighting pro aris et focis in my front, and who have
    decidedly the resolution to dispute the fort so long as a man is alive. The fort stands on the summit of an almost
    inaccessible mountain covered with an impenetrable jungle; the only approaches stockaded,
    and stiffly stockaded.' It was held by about 600 Gurkhas under Balbahadur Singh.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote25" epub:type="footnote">
    25. The Gurkha kukri.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote26" epub:type="footnote">
    26. Sita Ram must be referring to the assault on the first stockade by about 100 dismounted men of the 8th Light
    Dragoons (today, Queen's Royal Irish Hussars). They were inadequately supported and had to withdraw.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote27" epub:type="footnote">
    27. Three companies of the 53rd Foot (later King's Shropshire Light Infantry, and now 3rd battalion, The Light
    Infantry).
</aside>
<aside id="footnote28" epub:type="footnote">
    28. This is an example of Sita Ram's retentive memory for names and places, if not for dates. The artillery train
    was in fact commanded by Captain-Lieutenant Bettine, but the howitzers and mortars had been previously ordered up
    under Lieutenant Hall, whose name must have stuck in Sita Ram's memory.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote29" epub:type="footnote">
    29. This would be Colonel Mawbey of the 53rd Foot who took temporary command after Gillespie's death. He should not
    be confused with Major-General Bennet Marley who also commanded a column during the Gurkha War.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote30" epub:type="footnote">
    30. The 53rd Foot had lost ninety-eight killed and wounded, or about a third of their number. 8th Light Dragoons had
    five officers and fifty-eight men killed and wounded out of about one hundred present at Kalanga.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote31" epub:type="footnote">
    31. Sita Ram, as a high-caste Hindu, seldom loses an opportunity to have a dig at his Mahommedan comrades.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote32" epub:type="footnote">
    32. The Gurkhas evacuated the fort on 30 November 1814. The place was full of dead and wounded, and the surviving
    defenders had been forced out by the stench of corpses and lack of water.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote33" epub:type="footnote">
    33. It is pleasant to be able to record that this resentment did not last long. I visited Kalanga in 1968 and not
    far from the foot of the hill are two whitewashed obelisks within a walled enclosure. One obelisk commemorates
    General Gillespie, while the other bears the following inscription:
    <br />
    'As a tribute of respect for our gallant adversary BULBUDDER Commander of the Fort AND HIS BRAVE GOORKAS who were
    afterwards while in the service of Runjeet Singh shot down in their ranks to the last man by Afghan Artillery.'
</aside>

<aside id="footnote34" epub:type="footnote">
    34. This would be Major-General Gabriel Martindell who took over soon after Gillespie's death, and who made the
    unsuccessful attack on Jaithak. This was another fort, not far from Kalanga, covering the approaches from the
    plains.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote35" epub:type="footnote">35. This must refer to the attack on two posts of Marley's column on New
    Year's Day, 1815. Three companies of the 2/15th BNI under Captain Sibley were overwhelmed at Parsa after a gallant
    resistance.</aside>
<aside id="footnote36" epub:type="footnote">36. 'Green fever'? Could it have been gangrene, or was it malaria, which was
    then endemic in the foothills of the Himalayas? The Indians' success in gaining control over malaria is one of the
    most remarkable events in the history of India since Independence.</aside>
<aside id="footnote37" epub:type="footnote">37. Ochterlony's successful operations around Simla which alarmed the
    Gurkhas and ended the first phase of the war.</aside>
<aside id="footnote38" epub:type="footnote">38. This almost certainly refers to the wounding of Captain Hopper, 31st
    BNI, at Kalat on 13 November 1839, during the First Afghan War.</aside>

<aside id="footnote39" epub:type="footnote">
    39. This was not an uncommon occurrence when wild elephants came into contact with tame ones. Large numbers of
    elephants were employed in the Company's Army. They carried the heavy baggage and pulled the siege guns. There are
    still herds of wild elephant in the Terai on the border of India and Nepal.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote40" epub:type="footnote">
    40. Mahout: elephant driver.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote41" epub:type="footnote">
    41. Chiriaghati and Bichukuh were fortified passes leading into the plain of Khatmandu. Ochterlony out‑flanked them
    before launching an assault. His tactics were exceedingly daring, and the more so because the morale of his troops
    was poor at the beginning of these operations. There is an interesting account of this very daring march in <em>The
        Path of Glory</em> (The Memoirs of John Shipp), edited by C. J. Stranks and recently published by Chatto &
    Windus.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote42" epub:type="footnote">
    42. This is not entirely true. The Nepalese certainly lost their previous conquests, but they retained their
    independence. Had Lord Dalhousie been Governor-General, they would probably have been annexed.
</aside>