<h1>The Pensioner</h1>
<p> <em>In this the last chapter of his memoirs Sita Ram covers some old ground, inveighs against the corruption of minor
    Indian officials, and complains of the changed attitude of British officers towards sepoys like himself. He also
    included some allegations against the Mahommedans but these I have omitted. India is now a secular state and there
    is nothing to be gained by reviving old quarrels that do no good to either side.</em></p>

<p><em>He does not like the new Army with its preponderance of Punjabis, considering them to be hairy and uncouth, nor is he
    enamoured of the new-style British officers who seem to have suffered from all the arrogance of youth. He prefers
    the easy-going officers of the old days, with their hookahs and interminable curry dinners, whose morals may have
    been questionable but who, in Sita Ram's opinion, understood India better than the new generation. Conditions could
    not have been easy for a Hindustani sepoy in the years immediately following the Mutiny. Memories such as the
    massacre of the women and children at Cawnpore died hard and repression was a more popular word than clemency. Those
    sepoys who had remained loyal were probably made to feel responsible for the sins of those who had mutinied.</em></p>

<p><em>The old Subedar has a lot to say about bribery, which was not confined to India either then or since, but India has
    always been a very poor country, where the margin between ease and poverty is pathetically small, and in such
    circumstances bribery and corruption are probably inevitable. Office of any kind under the Government was regarded
    as an excellent opportunity for feathering one's nest, or at least for acquiring some degree of comfort for one's
    family, and bribery was certainly not confined to civilian officials. Sita Ram has already told us of the trouble he
    had as a recruit for failing to reward his Drill Havildar and European Sergeant when he completed his recruit
    training.</em></p>

<p><em>He complains a good deal about the administration of justice and it must be remembered that Indians are among the
    most litigious people on this earth. There is nothing an Indian peasant enjoys more than a long-drawn-out lawsuit in
    which he will argue his case with more heat than skill. However, it is true that the new laws introduced by the
    British when they annexed Oudh bore little resemblance to traditional Hindu justice, and were utterly
    incomprehensible to the older generation who naturally preferred the old ways.</em></p>

<p><em>It is unfortunate that Sita Ram's account of his long life in the service of the Sirkar should end on rather a sour
    note but we must make allowances for the fact that the aftermath of the Mutiny was a particularly unhappy period in
    Indian history. However, in his concluding sentences, Sita Ram expresses contentment with his lot and asks to be
    remembered as a faithful servant of the English Government.</em></p>

<p>After my return from my second campaign in Nepal, fought this time not against the Nepalese but against those men
    with whom the <em>Sirkar</em> had formerly defeated the Nepalese, I was promoted to <em>Subedar</em> after
    forty-eight years of hard wear and tear in the <em>Sirkar</em>'s service. I entered the army under the flag of the
    Company <em>Bahadur</em>, and I ended under the flag of the Empress of the World.<a href="#footnote1"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> I was an old man of sixty-five years of age and had attained the highest
    rank to be gained in the Native Army,<a href="#footnote2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> but I would have been
    much better fitted for this position thirty years earlier. What could I do now at the head of my Company? How could
    I double-march, or perform Light Infantry drill? But I was expected to be as active as ever and no allowance was
    made for my forty-eight years' service. No one bothered to remember that I had carried a musket for thirty years and
    had been present in as many battles as most of the officers had lived years. I was shouted at by the Adjutant as if
    I was a bullock, and he a mere boy, young enough to be my grandson. I was abused by the Commanding Officer, and
    called a fool, a donkey, and an old woman! Finally I was taken before the Commander-in-Chief and reported on as
    being utterly useless—a man the Commanding Officer could do nothing with.</p>
<p>I was taken before the Invaliding Committee which agreed my discharge, and I acquired the pension of a
    <em>Subedar</em>. Had any attention been paid to my rights, I should have received this pension years before. I
    wanted this pension more than anything else in the world and yet I did not like to ask for it; and when I was, as it
    were, discharged compulsorily, of course I was not pleased. I do not doubt that the Company <em>Bahadur</em> would
    have wished me to have my pension earlier and the delay was not the Company's fault. It was due to the new hard
    regulations. The time it took to become a <em>Subedar</em> was far too long for most <em>sepoys</em> to aspire to,
    for this promotion was seldom given until after forty years' service. In recent years some men have become
    <em>Jemadars and Subedars</em> more quickly, and many of them were immediately promoted if they brought young men
    for enlistment during the Mutiny. This is a much better system. These officers were men of influence and were much
    more highly regarded by the <em>sepoys</em>, being looked upon as fathers of the company. But if the <em>Sirkar</em>
    wants men of rank and position, the pay of sixty-seven rupees a month is hardly likely to tempt them.<a
        href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a> The native officers of the Irregular Cavalry are
    generally men of some wealth, and the younger sons of good families, but then their pay is good and this enables them to keep up their position.<a href="#footnote4"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a> </p>

<p>Those native officers who became <em>Jemadars</em> and <em>Subedars</em> at once did good service during the Mutiny
    and led their men well. They were young and full of spirit. However, once the fighting was finished, they were found
    not to know their drill so well as a <em>sepoy</em>, who had spent forty years at it and was therefore much too old
    to perform it. They were bullied, questioned, examined, and drilled until they became quite sick of the service, and
    numbers of them left in disgust as they had nothing more to look for in the way of advancement. Some were sent away
    with gifts of land which no-one else had cultivated. The ordinary <em>sepoy</em> would be quite contented with a
    larger pension, and if he could obtain this after twenty-five years' service, he would not worry over becoming a
    <em>Subedar</em>. He could only achieve this rank when he was too old to be fit for it, unable to march, and at a
    time when he ought to have been at home taking his ease and preparing for death.</p>

<p>Our learned men had told us that the Company's rule would come to an end in 1857, since this was one hundred years
    after the Company's first great battle,<a href="#footnote5" epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> but they did not
    tell us that another kind of English rule would take its place. This rule was far harder and much harsher. The
    Company <em>Bahadur</em> and its officers were much kinder to the people of India than the present Government. If it
    were not for the old servants of the Company, it would be even worse than it is. In my last regiment there were five
    or six young <em>sahibs</em> who came to us from some European regiment. Several of these commanded companies but it
    was obvious that they hated the <em>sepoys</em>. They always spoke severely and sneeringly to us. In my opinion this
    is not calculated to endear them to the <em>sepoys</em>. Very few of these officers could speak to the men, and when
    they did so it was in unpleasant fashion. They may have learned how to command European soldiers but they did not
    know how to command <em>sepoys</em>. My Lord, <em>sepoys</em> will not fight well for those they do not like, or for
    a Government which is not kind to them. They used to be treated kindly, but then they turned against their master.
    They will never find as good a master again.</p>

<p>The Mahommedans were the first instigators of the Mutiny, and the Hindus followed like a flock of sheep over the bank
    of a river.<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a> The principal cause of the rebellion was the
    feeling of power that the <em>sepoys</em> had, and the little control the <em>sahibs</em> were allowed to exert over
    them. Naturally, they assumed from this that the <em>Sirkar</em> must be afraid of them, whereas it only trusted
    them too well. But a son is not discarded by a parent for once rebelling against his authority, and I trust that the
    chastisement meted out to the rebellious son for this Mutiny will have a lasting effect, and that wickedness will
    never again be permitted to enter into the hearts of the <em>sepoys</em>. It is obvious that all officers are now
    afraid to trust the <em>sepoy</em>, and this must be so for many years to come, but it is unjust to condemn
    everyone. There were some who remained faithful, and there were still more whose fate it was to be in a regiment
    that mutinied. These had no desire to rebel against the <em>Sirkar</em>, but feared that no allowance would be made
    for them when so many others had gone wrong. This was well understood by those who instigated the Mutiny. Their
    first object was to implicate an entire regiment so that everyone had to throw in their lot with them. All regiments
    took their Colours with them. They did not break their oath by deserting them.<a href="#footnote7"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> They left the service of the English and were supposed to have entered the
    service of another government.</p>

<p>I know the <em>sahibs</em>. Nothing pleases them more than a straight answer to a plain question but the Indian does
    not usually understand this. He will always try to answer a question in such a fashion as will please the
    asker—exactly the answer he imagines the asker desires. I never could feel myself again, nor hold my head as high as
    formerly, after the death of my son. The fact that he had fought against the giver of his salt brought great
    disgrace upon me. My chief solace today is thinking over the many years of my service, during which I was never
    punished, except for the single instance I have already mentioned. I have given my entire life to the service of the
    <em>Sirkar</em>. I have one son left, by whom I send your Lordship my papers, and I have two daughters who are
    married and have large families.</p>

<p>I have not acquired any fortune but I have my paternal estate and the pension of a <em>Subedar</em>. This is enough
    for me. The people in my village seem to respect me, and are now fully satisfied with the ease and benefits they
    enjoy under English rule. The man who sows now knows that he will reap, which he never could reckon on doing in the
    old days.</p>

<p>The people are still sometimes oppressed by the subordinate Indian officials but redress can often be obtained, and
    in any case this oppression gets less and less each year. If the District Commissioner <em>sahib</em> goes about
    himself and personally inquires into all complaints, as our good <em>sahib</em> does (may his office last for ever!)
    and takes an interest in our welfare, there will be little inclination to resist the <em>Sirkar</em>'s authority.
    But if everything is left to the Indian officials, as is sometimes done through the inability of the <em>sahib</em>
    to understand what is said to him, the people become dissatisfied, talk against the government and long for a
    change. My Lord, the Indian officials are all corrupt, whether they be Hindus or Mahommedans; in this respect there
    is no difference between them. There may be one man who would not take a bribe of five rupees, but I have never yet
    heard of him. The principal reason for this is the poor pay provided by the <em>Sirkar</em>, but if it was only half
    as much, there would still be hundreds of applicants who would make up by bribes what was deficient in their wages.
    This was always the case in former times—the man who could give the biggest bribe would always win his case. 'When
    there are those who are willing to receive, there will be found those who will give; and when there are those who
    will give, it is not difficult to find those who will take.'<a href="#footnote8"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a> The <em>sahibs</em> have tried to put down bribery but there is such a
    combination against them that they will never be successful.</p>

<p>A British official is always very angry when he learns that a petitioner has given a bribe. He asks him why he did
    it. Perhaps he does not know that the man firmly believes that part of the bribe went to the <em>sahib</em> himself!
    Therefore he does not dare to say anything, because all the officials have told him this, from the office runner to
    the head clerk. I have never yet heard of an office where the petty clerks did not make out somehow or other that
    the <em>sahib</em> was amenable to a bribe. Since they live by bribes themselves, it is of course in their interest
    to maintain the system. The head <em>Patwari</em><a href="#footnote9" epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a> in my
    village told me one day that it must have been my own fault that promotion was so slow in coming. When I replied
    that I had never done anything wrong, he laughed and said I was not wise, even though I had been so much in the
    world. He meant of course that I had not paid for my promotion, thinking that promotion could be bought like
    everything else. I have known very few cases of English officers taking bribes. I have been told that many did, but
    I have never believed it since I know their personal honour is very strict. However I have seen no difference where
    bribery is concerned between the Indian and the European soldier
    of subordinate rank. I know the <em>sahibs</em> do not take bribes but I also know that many much better educated
    than I am firmly believe that the <em>sahibs</em> do so. Since this is part of their own nature, how can they
    believe anything different?</p>

<p>I remember I once had occasion to go to the Deputy Commissioner's office on some petty business of my own. I was in
    Hindustani dress and imagined I could walk straight in, as I had been told it was an open court of justice.
    Immediately two or three <em>chaprassis</em> came to me to know what my business was. I told them it was with the
    <em>sahib</em>, not with them. They then said it was very difficult to see the <em>sahib</em> for he was engaged,
    and a hundred other excuses were invented. They ended by telling me that one of them would take the petition himself
    and lay it before the Commissioner if I gave him five rupees. I answered that I had no petition. I was then
    prevented from entering the <em>sahib</em>'s presence for a long time and only because I would not produce a bribe.
    At last a head clerk came out and spoke to me. He told me the <em>sahib</em>'s temper was very bad that day, but if
    I particularly wished to see him, some other official would dare to brave his wrath by mentioning the fact to him,
    but this would cost me ten rupees.</p>

<p>Tiring of these attempts at extortion, and also not believing the man's story, I entered the office, but the
    <em>chaprassis</em> and clerks did their best to prevent me. They all began talking against me, saying 'what a
    mannerless person I was to intrude in such fashion', and they spoke out loudly in order to attract the
    <em>sahib</em>'s attention. I walked straight up to him, gave him a military salute, and requested permission to
    speak but he ordered me to be thrown out and also abused me. The office runners tried to throw me out but I would
    not allow them to touch me. Since the <em>sahib</em> himself had ordered me to leave, I went outside, after giving
    him my name, regiment, and rank. One of the <em>chaprassis</em> who had first accosted me then trumped up a case
    that I had resisted authority. The entire office swore that I had beaten the man dreadfully. He showed his face all
    covered with blood, which he must have had ready for the purpose, as I only pushed away those who were attempting to
    lay hands on me. I was fined ten rupees for resisting authority. When I returned to my regiment I reported the whole
    case, just as it had occurred, to my Commanding Officer. He was very angry and wrote about it but I never received
    any redress for this great insult. If a District Commissioner <em>sahib</em> is easy of access, and will take the
    trouble to listen to the complaints of the poor, bribery can in large measure be prevented. The subordinate
    officials will then be afraid that the <em>sahib</em> will hear the rights of the case and the people will then
    realize that there is no use offering bribes.</p>

<p>The Sirkar's punishments for offences are considered by
    many to be absurd. A low-caste man is convicted of breaking into a house and stealing jewels from the women,
    attended by violence. He is sent to prison for a year where he is much better fed, clothed, and looked after than he
    has ever been in his life. It is true that he has lost his liberty but he gets his food and laughs at the hard
    labour. What is hard labour to a coolie who has to work so hard for his few ounces of flour? His hand would have
    been chopped off under a native government. This is real punishment and one the thief would never forget. It is a
    punishment that has great effect upon all evil-doers, and this I conceive to be the purpose of punishment. The
    Sirkar should remember that the peasant is only a bullock. A bullock does not mind being beaten with a small stick.
    He requires a goad, and so it is with these criminals. The Sirkar's punishments have no effect on them. They are in
    fact a perfect laughing stock.</p>

<p>The laws of the English are doubtless very wise and good for the English but the laws of the Hindu code are the best
    for us. We much prefer them. They are written in a language which can be understood, but few Hindus can understand the English laws which are all written in Arabic. I have often asked learned men why our laws
cannot be written in a language we understand and they have told me their meaning cannot be given in Hindi. It would
seem to me that crimes which cannot be described in a people's tongue do not need any laws to lay down the punishments.
Who can understand why a man should not punish his wife if she is guilty of adultery? Can money satisfy his desire for
revenge? Yet we are not now permitted to punish either the wife or her paramour. This is not justice and leads to great
dissatisfaction. There can only be one opinion of this.</p>

<p>I have now written all I can remember of interest in my life, and I have given my opinion on many subjects. I should
    never have thought of doing this but for your Lordship's desire that I should so do. If I have said anything
    unseemly, my Lord must grant me a pardon. But what I have said is true—I have fired at no mice with cannon.<a
        href="#footnote10" epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> I meet very few <em>sahibs</em> in my own village but
    sometimes the District Commissioner is pleased to listen to my story. I go twice a year into cantonments to receive
    my pension and I then have a gossip about the old days. However, there are few of the old <em>sahibs</em> left now,
    and the new <em>sahibs</em> do not much want to listen to an old man's babbling of things and events which took
    place before they were born. Thanks be to God the Creator! I lack nothing thanks to the bounty of the
    <em>Sirkar</em>, and I have a son still left to perform my funeral ceremonies.<a href="#footnote11"
        epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> If your Lordship, when you return to your own country, will always
    remember that the old <em>Subedar</em> Sita Ram was a true and faithful servant of the English Government, it will
    be enough for me.

    And now, with profound respect for one who has always been to me as a father, I make my most humble obeisance!</p>


<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">
    1. The transfer of the Government of India from the Company to the Crown took place on 1 November 1858. Queen
    Victoria was proclaimed Empress of India in 1876.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
    2. The highest attainable rank was in fact subedar-major, which was instituted in 1817.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
    3. About £5 a month, but with a purchasing power that was nearer £20.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
    4. The Irregular Cavalry was largely composed of the <em>zemindari</em>, or landowning, class. The soldiers provided
    their own horses, while the Government fed, clothed and equipped them. An officer provided recruits from his own
    tenants and a man's place in the regiment (<em>asami</em>) was regarded as his own property and could be farmed out
    by him to the highest bidder on his retirement, with the commandant's approval, until he had a son or nephew to put
    into the regiment. The Mutiny resulted in a great increase in the Irregular Cavalry, officers being deputed on the
    authority of a Commissioner or a General to raise a regiment of Horse, such as Hodson's, Wale's, Murray's, Cureton's
    and Lind's Horse. Many were later brought into the regular establishment.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
    5. The Battle of Plassey, 23 June 1757.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">6. Sita Ram's religious antipathies are again coming to the fore. Both Hindus
    and Mahommedans were discontented and if anything the Hindus broke into mutiny first.</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">7. Recruits in India take the oath of allegiance while holding the regimental
    Colour.</aside>


<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
    8. This is marked as a quotation in the manuscript, but there is no indication of its origin.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
    9. <em>Patwari</em>: The man who keeps the village records for land revenue purposes etc.
</aside>


<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">
    10. i.e. I have not exaggerated.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
    11. These ceremonies are considered among the Hindus of very great importance, and to have no one to perform them is
    one of the greatest misfortunes that can possibly befall a worshipper of Bramah. This accounts for their custom of
    adopting sons when none are born to them or have died. Every year these ceremonies are repeated. [Note by
    Translator.]
</aside>