<h1>The Lovely<br />Thakurin</h1>
<p>The last attempt by the Mahrattas to dispute the dominion of India with the British ended on 3 June 1818, when the
  Peshwa of Poona, the principal Mahratta chief, surrendered to Sir John Malcolm at Dhulkot in central India. The Peshwa
  was forbidden to return to the Deccan, but was exiled to Bithur, near Cawnpore, where he was provided with an annual
  stipend of £100,000 as some solace for the death of all his hopes. 'With him,' wrote Fortescue, 'the great Mahratta
  confederacy, which, but for the British would have mastered all India, passed finally away.' It had indeed been a
  remarkable saga, beginning as far back as Sivaji (1627–80), who raised the standard of revolt against the Mughuls and
  made his people the ruling power in the Deccan;<a href="#footnote1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a> and it is sad
  that it should have ended amid a welter of palace intrigue and in alliance with a worthless collection of banditti
  like the Pindaris.</p>
<p>However, there still remained the Arab mercenaries, who refused to surrender, and the great fortress of Asirgarh
  which is situated midway between the Narbada and Tapti rivers. Asirgarh was a place of great natural strength,
  belonging to Maharajah Scindiah of Gwalior, and held for him by his kiladar, or fortress commander, Jaswant Rao.
  Although Scindiah had ostensibly ordered Jaswant Rao to surrender his charge to the British, he secretly directed him
  to hold the fort in support of Apa Sahib, who was still in arms against the British, and to Asirgarh there came all
  that remained of the Pindaris, as well as the few Mahrattas remaining in the field and their Arab mercenaries. The
  fortress towered 1,500 feet above the plain, and it was said that 'none but the hawk or lark ever saw inside
  Asirgarh'. When John Shipp arrived outside the walls with the Bengal column, he concluded that any idea of climbing up
  to such a place, or breaching its walls, seemed absurd.</p>
<p>And yet the fortress was captured by a combined force of Bombay, Madras, and Bengal troops under General Doveton and
  Sir John Malcolm, after a siege lasting from 18 March until 7 April 1818. Neither Apa Sahib, nor Chitu the Pindari,
  were among the prisoners, having made their escape before the final surrender.</p>
<p>The British casualties were astonishingly light, amounting to one officer killed<a href="#footnote2"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> and ten wounded, while 46 men were killed and 256 wounded; of these the Bengal
  column lost 36 killed and 108 wounded, the greater part of whom belonged to the 2/15th BNI who were killed or injured
  by the accidental explosion of an expense magazine.</p>
<p>Sita Ram was present at the siege and narrowly escaped death when the magazine blew up. His uncle, Jemadar Hanuman,
  was buried under the debris and never seen again, while 'Burrumpeel' sahib had a miraculous escape. Sita Ram was so
  badly injured that he was once again unfit for duty. He was carried in a litter to Aligarh in the UP and subsequently decided to volunteer for a new unit which was being raised
at Fategarh. He probably thought that his uncle's death would remove any influence he had in his own regiment. The
Fategarh Levy which he joined eventually became the 63rd and 64th BNI in the reorganization of 1824. Since he says that
he did not report for duty at Fategarh until July 1820, he must have spent a long period at Aligarh on sick leave, or
light duties. </p>

<p>Only a small cadre of British officers was provided to raise new units, and Sita Ram has a lot to say about his new
  commanding officer who was killed in a duel. Major 'Gardeen', as Sita Ram calls him, seems to have been a difficult
  officer, hot-tempered and overconscious of his own importance, but long service in India has always been notoriously
  hard on the liver. In any case many of us can recall without much difficulty others of his type. Sir Patrick Cadell
  has endeavoured to identify 'Gardeen', but without success.<a href="#footnote3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a>
</p>

<p>In this chapter Sita Ram also tells us of the great romance of his life—his rescue of a beautiful Rajput girl of good
  family who was about to be put to death by the Arab soldier who had forcibly made her his mistress. She was the
  daughter of a minor Rajput chieftain (Thakur) from Bundelkhand, and her honour had been indelibly disgraced by the
  indignities to which she had had to submit, both as a woman, and also as a high caste Hindu lady at the hands of a
  Mahommedan. After various vicissitudes Sita Ram married her, though by a less formal marriage than that with his first
  wife, and by her he had several children.</p>

<p>Although we tried every means to dislodge the enemy [from Ahanpura], we made little progress for a considerable time,
  but at last the few remaining enemy escaped down a ravine, and these were nearly all Mahrattas. While running along a
  lane in the village, I came upon the enclosure of a house and entered it, expecting to find it deserted. However I
  surprised an Arab in the very act of killing a girl who was kneeling at his feet and imploring him to spare her life.
  The moment he saw me he shouted out, 'Not yet!', and rushed at me like a tiger. He came so frantically that he
  transfixed himself on my bayonet before I could recover my surprise. I then fired my musket and blew a great hole in
  his chest, but even after this he managed in his dying struggles to give me a severe cut on my arm. These men live
  like jackals and they fight like Ghazis.<a href="#footnote4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a></p>

<p>The girl threw herself at my feet and embraced my legs. She was in reality, with regard to beauty, what my wife's
  nurse had described my wife to be! I asked her who she was, and where she came from, and where her friends and
  relations were? She told me she was the daughter of a <em>Thakur</em><a href="#footnote5"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>5</sup></a> in Bundelkhand, by name Mokum Singh. She had been carried off by the Pindaris
  who had sold her to this Arab, who had forced her to become his mistress. Her father had been killed, and many of her
  relations also, while defending their property. She also assured me that the survivors would never receive her back as
  she was disgraced beyond redemption, and she ended her sad story by telling me that I was her Lord and now her only
  protector.</p>

<p>The village had been set on fire and smoke was coming in dense clouds into the enclosure. I hastily bound up my arm
  with the turban of the dead Arab, and taking his sword as proof that I had slain him, I led the little fawn through
  the unburnt part of the village and rejoined my company. But I did not know what to do with the girl since I knew I
  should not be allowed to keep her with me. Our force retired some miles after the fight and camped behind Ahanpura. I
  told my uncle about my adventure and he advised me to abandon the girl and not encumber myself with a woman in these
  times of war. But how could I have left her in the village to be burnt to death? I went to my Captain and told him of
  the affair. He praised me very much and ordered the girl to be placed in the care of the man in charge of our
  followers.<a href="#footnote6" epub:type="noteref"><sup>6</sup></a></p>

<p>This young creature rode my pony but remained in the care of the head follower. I saw her every day and my heart
  became inflamed with love, for she was beautiful to look on and always called me her protector. I am an old man now
  but never before nor since have I seen any woman like her, not even in Delhi. For a week or more no notice was taken
  of me nor the girl, but at the end of this time the Adjutant sent for me and told me I could not keep her because
  women were not permitted to accompany the forces. At this my mind was filled with sadness and my heart became a target
  for the arrows of despair. I pleaded that if she remained with the followers, the girl could give no trouble, nor put
  the Sirkar to any expense. The Adjutant then proposed to give me one hundred rupees for her, and ended by offering four
hundred rupees<a href="#footnote7" epub:type="noteref"><sup>7</sup></a> if I would give her up. But I could not bring
myself to part with her although I now foresaw that I should soon lose her. My uncle strongly advised me to get rid of
her as she would only bring disgrace on me. For the first time my uncle and I nearly had a quarrel. How true was the
warning given me by the priest Duleep Ram: 'More men are entangled by the wiles of a woman than fish in the net of the
most skilful fisherman. The arrows from their eyes wound more than the poisoned arrows of the Bhil.'<a href="#footnote8"
  epub:type="noteref"><sup>8</sup></a>

<p>If I had been in cantonments nothing would have been known, and no-one would have cared about my keeping this girl.
  Many of the <em>sepoys</em> constantly had women living with them, and the <em>sahibs</em> never forbade this because
  the women were all put down as relations. Had 'Burrumpeel' sahib asked me for her, it might have been different, but
  he never did this. He praised me for my kind action, took me to the Colonel, and told him about my killing the Arab. I
  presented the sword to the Colonel who was graciously pleased to accept it. At the same time he promised me promotion
  as soon as possible, and ordered me to be made a <em>lance naik</em> at once. This gave me no increase of pay, but I
  now had command of four men, and wore a stripe, and of course felt more important.<a href="#footnote9"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>9</sup></a></p>

<p>My regiment marched from one hill fort to the next, sometimes with artillery and European troops attached to us, and
  at other times on our own. Once or twice we were repulsed, and in one engagement two officers were shot dead, and four
  wounded. Among the latter was the Adjutant sahib who received a severe cut from a sword in his right shoulder. These
  Arabs had been in Apa Sahib's service and were so highly esteemed for their bravery that they were paid twice as much
  as we <em>sepoys</em>. They were now fighting on their own account because they would not obey Apa Sahib's orders to
  give themselves up. Since no sahib could speak their language, and as they were always spoken to through a Mahommedan
  priest who pretended to know their speech, I think they did not properly understand the Government's surrender terms.
  These terms were that they should lay down their arms and leave India, but this order, whether they understood it or
  not, was never obeyed. They fought to the last, never asking for nor giving quarter. They destroyed nearly three
  entire companies of a newly-raised regiment, the 2nd battalion of the 10th under Major 'Esparks', having previously
  refused an offer to surrender under a white flag.<a href="#footnote10" epub:type="noteref"><sup>10</sup></a> Brigadier-General Adams sahib
subsequently avenged this treachery and annihilated the party of Arabs and Gonds who were under their chief, Chyn Sab.
Other engagements followed in which they were defeated, and then a truce was made, but this was soon broken.</p>

<p>The <em>Sirkar</em> now had a large army with plenty of artillery. The fort of Hasser<a href="#footnote11"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>11</sup></a> was summoned to surrender but its governor, Jaswant Rao, would not listen to
  any terms and was determined to hold out to the last. He was a very brave man.<a href="#footnote12"
    epub:type="noteref"><sup>12</sup></a> An English officer went down to the gateway to persuade Jaswant Rao to
  surrender; he pointed out that Maharajah Scindiah was a friend of the British, and master of the governor of the
  fortress, but no heed was paid to his words. Jaswant Rao was so confident in the strength of the fortress, and the
  bravery of his Arabs, that the officer was insulted and a shot was fired at him in defiance. This treatment of one of
  their officers enraged the British soldiers so much that they were keen to take the fortress by storm. It was very
  strong and had walls of great thickness. It stood on a hill, one thousand feet high, and all the approaches were
  exposed to a galling fire from the garrison. Many of the <em>sepoys</em> believed that it would stand a long siege,
  but my uncle told me that the Company had already taken it once [in 1803], and now that they had assembled such a
  strong army with so many heavy guns, it would easily be taken again.</p>

<p>Until now my luck had been good, but even so I could not look on the fortifications without feeling some fear. My
  liver turned to water. The siege was opened by our heavy artillery, and the enemy made frequent sallies, but our
  shells (which were a new weapon for them) caused dreadful havoc among them. Great chunks of the fortifications came
  tumbling down, while the perpetual thunder of the guns was like the onset of the monsoon. A Colonel 'Frasan' sahib<a
    href="#footnote13" epub:type="noteref"><sup>13</sup></a> forced his way into the town and took possession of some
  merchants' shops for two or three days, but he was killed while repulsing an enemy sortie. The morning after this
  happened the citadel was abandoned by the enemy and my regiment was ordered to occupy it. We were running forward to
  do this when the enemy

suddenly blew up a mine under our feet.<a href="#footnote14" epub:type="noteref"><sup>14</sup></a> I was blown up into
the air and became unconscious. I knew nothing, saw nothing, nor heard anything for a long time. When I recovered
consciousness I found two European artillerymen pulling me out of the rubble by my legs, and one of them forced some rum
down my throat. They took me to a <em>sahib</em>, and I was sent back to hospital to die. My legs were not broken, but
my left arm hung powerless by my side, and I had four severe cuts on my head from bricks or flying wood. I consider that
I may count these as wounds, and this means that I have been seven times wounded in the service of the <em>Sirkar</em>.
</p>

<p>I cannot say how many days I lay in that tent. The guns continued to thunder day after day, but one morning they
  ceased and on the day this happened I partially recovered my speech. I asked about my uncle and the fate of my
  company, and was horror-struck to be told by a wounded <em>sepoy</em> of my regiment that every man had been killed
  except for myself, Tillukdaree Gheer, Kadir Bux, and Deonarain. There were also four men away on guard duty who
  escaped, but forty-seven men were killed by this terrible explosion.</p>

<p>How right I was to have been afraid before the siege! My mind was oppressed with grief. My uncle's body was never
  found; the ruin was so widespread and there was no time to clear away the rubbish. How I longed to go and search for
  his body but I could move neither hand nor foot. The hospital tents were so full of wounded at this time that the
  officers even gave up their own tents for the wounded. My Captain was very kind to me, and Captain 'Burma'
  <em>sahib</em><a href="#footnote15" epub:type="noteref"><sup>15</sup></a> who was seriously wounded was in the same
  tent as me. 'Burrumpeel' <em>sahib</em> had had a miraculous escape. Although he was only a few yards from the mine
  when it exploded, he was thrown down, and nearly suffocated with earth, but otherwise was unhurt. Number 2 Company was
  destined to be destroyed. Number 1 Company had gone over the same mine a few moments before it blew up. The fort was
  taken and I was told all kinds of people were found inside it—Arabs, Baluchis, men from Kabul, and others. The
  <em>Sirkar</em> again failed to punish Jaswant Rao, but allowed him to go free. I asked my Captain why Jaswant was not
  executed, and he replied that he had only obeyed the orders of his master, Maharajah Scindiah, who had pretended to be
  a friend of the Company <em>Bahadur</em>, but who was in reality its enemy. He would be the one to be punished. The
  justice of this Government is indeed remarkable, and its conduct inexplicable. What is the use of fighting if you do
  not destroy your enemy? These were strange customs for the

people we were fighting. They thought the Sirkar was crazy for showing mercy, and they sought in every way to take
advantage of their kindness and often succeeded. But Lord Malcolm sahib<a href="#footnote16"
  epub:type="noteref"><sup>16</sup></a> was such a mighty chief that they seldom deceived him. There were few Lord
sahibs like him. It only goes to prove what I have already said—the sahibs and the European soldiers like fighting for
the sake of fighting. And as for the latter, providing they have enough of their beloved grog they are happy. War is an
amusement, or kind of game, so far as they are concerned.

<p>This war being now finished, the army broke up and the different regiments marched to their stations. My battalion
  was ordered to Aligarh, and I was carried all the way in a hospital litter. I could have got sick leave again at my
  home but for certain reasons I did not want to go just then. I was allowed to live in a hut by myself and the young
  Thakurin lived with me and looked after me. I was happier than I had ever been in my own home, and within a few months
  I had recovered sufficiently to be able to walk.</p>

<p>Several new battalions were being raised at this time for the Government, and my Colonel sahib told me that if I felt
  inclined to join one of these battalions, I could gain promotion to naik. Since my good and kind uncle was dead, and
  nearly all my comrades in my company as well, I decided to leave my old corps. But I felt the most painful thing in my
  undertaking was leaving my Captain sahib. There was only one 'Burrum-peel' sahib who ever left England, and he was in
  my old regiment.</p>

<p>I joined the headquarters of the new battalion at Fategarh in July 1820, and found it consisted of only two companies
  made up from men of different regiments as a foundation for the new regiment the Sirkar intended to form. There were
  only two British officers, Major 'Gardeen' sahib, and the Adjutant. The Major was very tall and dark. He was in the
  habit of coming on parade in shooting dress<a href="#footnote17" epub:type="noteref"><sup>17</sup></a> and throwing
  his heavy stick at the recruits' heads, and sometimes even at the drill instructors' if they did anything to annoy
  him. As a result he was much disliked, but also feared. He told the Indian officers that he had been removed from his
  own regiment against his wishes and sent to command them and he hated them all. In fact, through fear of him we only
  recruited forty men in four months. After this we were given four more sahibs from other regiments and three new
  cadets. More men also arrived and the drill commenced.</p>

<p>The Major sahib was not liked by the English officers;</p>


they never spoke to him before or after parade, nor did they seem associate with him in any way. The only person he
appeared to be friends with was an old butler, and no-one knew why this man had so much influence over the sahib.
However I do know that any sepoy wanting leave, or any other favour, always tried to secure the good graces of the
butler to put in a good word to his master. One day when I was on guard at his house the Major was about to start
smoking his hookah in the evening; the tobacco would not draw, and he flew into a violent passion, throwing the lighted
bowl at the hookahbadar's head.<a href="#footnote18" epub:type="noteref"><sup>18</sup></a> The red-hot charcoal rolled
over the room and set fire to the floor matting, which in turn set fire to a tent in the next room. The servants and the
guard rushed in and managed to extinguish the flames, but the tent was nearly destroyed. Throughout this scene the sahib
never moved from his chair, but then the butler came and spoke to him and his rage subsided in an instant. However,
giving way to his irritation had cost him dear, for the tent was almost new and must have been worth three hundred
rupees. We endeavoured to discover the secret of the butler's influence over this sahib but we never succeeded. Some
said he was a near relation.</p>

<p>There was no doubt that the Major was slightly mad. His habits were quite different from other sahibs. He used to
  walk up and down his veranda for hours at a time, with his hands behind his back, muttering to himself and kicking the
  wall with his foot every time he turned round. He spoke our language perfectly but his chief delight lay in teasing
  our recruits. He would make them tell him whether they were married or not, and also the names of their wives, which
  is a great shame for a Hindu to mention. I could also see that his attitude towards the other officers of the regiment
  was very odd. The Adjutant sahib was never allowed to sit in his presence, while his servant never offered a chair to
  any of the sahibs who came to see him unless the Major told him to do so.</p>

<p>An officer now joined the regiment who was quite as old in appearance as the Major and I happened to be on guard at
  the Major's house when this officer came to pay a call. I was curious to see whether the Major would offer him a
  chair, but he remained standing for a short time, and then took one himself and sat down. A storm of abuse then
  followed and I saw the Captain strike the Major and knock him down. He then left speaking very loudly. The following
  morning, while returning from the fields,<a href="#footnote19" epub:type="noteref"><sup>19</sup></a> I saw four
  officers behind the rifle butts. They were some way

from the lines and near some gullies. Since the officers were often in the habit of practising with their pistols, I did
not take much notice at first. But as I drew nearer I saw that the Major and the Captain were both present and, as I
knew it was the custom among the British officers to fire pistols at each other in the event of a quarrel, I stopped to
see what was happening. The Major was placed a short distance in front of the Captain by another officer, and there was
another officer attending upon the Captain. They both fired and the Major fell forward on his face. I now ran up and
found that the Major was dead. He had been shot through the head. I went to the hospital for a litter and the news was
round the lines in a moment. The Major was carried to his own house and was buried in the evening. The only person who
seemed to be affected was the butler. No <em>sahib's</em> face displayed any grief.<a href="#footnote20"
  epub:type="noteref"><sup>20</sup></a>

<p>How curious are the customs of these foreigners! Here, in this case, no revenge was taken at the time when they were
  heated with anger, nor was the fight with swords. No words were spoken, nor was there any abuse. The <em>sahibs</em>
  were as cool and collected as when on parade. I did not know at the time that the officer attending on the Major was a
  great friend of the Captain, and both the attendant officers spoke to each other, and were friends, as they shared the
  same house. The English have very strict rules about honour and if insulted they must fight, since otherwise they are
  never spoken to by their brother officers again. In those days the <em>sahibs</em> often fought one another, and after
  the fight they frequently became greater friends than ever. I have not heard of <em>sahibs</em> fighting each other in
  recent years; if they do, it is done secretly, as if nowadays they are ashamed to be seen. But I believe the real
  reason is that they fear the new rules about duelling. The <em>sahib</em> who now takes part in a duel is tried by
  Court Martial and dismissed the service without any excuse being taken. I have heard that the King of England was
  forced to put an end to this habit because he lost so many good officers from it, and the family of the dead
  <em>sahib</em> had to be supported by the state. I cannot imagine how they can fight after their tempers have cooled,
  but this, like everything else they do, is managed by their remarkable arrangement of their affairs. The European
  soldiers do not fight among themselves with pistols; they use their fists instead, which is just as dangerous for I
  have known several men to be killed. After their fights, however, they soon become friends again, but even among the
  soldiers they lose face if they refuse to fight.</p>

<p>Another officer was sent to command the regiment. He was Colonel 'Hamilteen' <em>sahib</em>. He was quite different
  from the Major and

was popular with both officers and the soldiers. The regiment was now a thousand strong and composed of fine, tall young
men. For two or three years nothing much happened except that we marched to Meerut. I had spent a lot of money in order
that the Thakurin could regain her caste, and I was married to her by the ceremony called gardab.<a href="#footnote21"
  epub:type="noteref"><sup>21</sup></a> While we were at Meerut 'a joy of the world' was born to me—a son!

<blockquote>
  <p><em>. . . I saw four officers behind the rifle butts'</em></p>
</blockquote>



<aside id="footnote1" epub:type="footnote">
  1. The Mahratta Light Infantry still use as their battle cry, 'Sivaji ki jai!' ('Long live
  Sivaji!'); there is a statue of him opposite the Gateway to India in Bombay.
</aside>
<aside id="footnote2" epub:type="footnote">
  2. Lieutenant-Colonel Fraser of the Royal Scots was killed just after the capture of the lower fort.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote3" epub:type="footnote">
  3. The Autobiography of an Indian Soldier, edited by Sir Patrick Cadell, Journal of the Society of Army Historical
  Research, March and June 1959.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote4" epub:type="footnote">
  4. Ghazi is a word meaning a fighter for the faith, or one who fights against infidels. They were particularly to be
  met among the Pathans on the Northwest Frontier, and in Afghanistan. Believing as they did that death in their cause was a certain invitation to eternal
  paradise, they were completely reckless of their lives.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote5" epub:type="footnote">
  5. Thakur: a Rajput petty chief, or noble. Hence Thakurin, the feminine of Thakur. The Rajputs, a warrior race, pride
  themselves on their chivalry and are intensely jealous of their honour.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote6" epub:type="footnote">
  6. The Hindi expression used by Sita Ram is Bazar Chowdree, meaning head man of the bazaar. The unwieldy collection of
  followers constituted what was some- time referred to as the regimental bazaar, and as there were probably itinerant
  shopkeepers among them, the expression is not inapt. There might also be dancing girls, jugglers, and musicians
  trailing along with the regiment.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote7" epub:type="footnote">
  7. A great deal of money for a humble <em>sepoy</em>—more than two years' pay.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote8" epub:type="footnote">
  8. The <em>Bhil</em> are an aboriginal tribe of Central India who used to hunt game with poisoned arrows.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote9" epub:type="footnote">
  9. Non-commissioned ranks were: <em>havildar</em> (sergeant), <em>naik</em> (corporal), and <em>lance-naik</em>
  (lance-corporal). In the cavalry a sergeant was a <em>duffadar</em>.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote10" epub:type="footnote">
  10. Sita Ram is inaccurate here. 2/10th BNI was not a newly raised regiment, but an old one. One company, not three
  companies, was surrounded by the enemy (Arabs) shortly after crossing the River Tapti near Multai. Captain Sparkes and
  his men fought gallantly but were wiped out, apart from nineteen survivors, of whom ten were wounded—20 July 1818.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote11" epub:type="footnote">
  11. Hasser was the old name for Asirgarh.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote12" epub:type="footnote">
  12. And also very fat, if John Shipp is to be believed.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote13" epub:type="footnote">
  13. 'Frasan' is obviously meant for Lieutenant-Colonel Fraser of the Royal Scots who led the party which had taken the
  lower town. According to Shipp, Fraser's men dispersed looking for loot, and the enemy, taking advantage of this,
  launched a counter-attack in which Fraser was killed.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote14" epub:type="footnote">
  14. It was not a mine but a magazine, constructed well forward and close to the walls, for explosives and mortar
  shells.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote15" epub:type="footnote">
  15. This was probably Captain F. L. Burman of the 7th Madras Native Infantry who was wounded at Asirgarh.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote16" epub:type="footnote">
  16. Malcolm combined the duties of soldier and political officer. From all accounts he was a most attractive
  personality with a remarkable insight into Indian character.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote17" epub:type="footnote">
  17. Presumably the clothes he wore when he was shooting game.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote18" epub:type="footnote">
  18. The bowl of the hookah would contain a mixture of tobacco and charcoal. The smoke passed through water before it
  was drawn into the mouth, and it was the hookahbadar's responsibility to make sure that the hookah was lit properly
  and drawing evenly.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote19" epub:type="footnote">
  19. In the absence of latrines, the fields were resorted to by the sepoys in the early mornings.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote20" epub:type="footnote">
  20. There must have been many deaths from duels, but only 22 are recorded in the Bengal Army. In a land where death
  came swiftly, they would have been easy to hush up.
</aside>

<aside id="footnote21" epub:type="footnote">
  21. Gardab: a second marriage, but not as binding as a first marriage.
</aside>